bynd-20221231                                                                     https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




                                                            UNITED STATES
                                                SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                                                        Washington, D.C. 20549

                                                                       FORM 10-K

            (Mark One)

               ☒         ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                                                       For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022
                                                                             OR
                         TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
               ☐         1934


                                                        For the transition period from              to

                                                           Commission File Number: 001-38879




                                                                 BEYOND MEAT, INC.
                                                    (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                                           Delaware                                                      26-4087597
                                 (State or other jurisdiction of                                      (I.R.S. Employer
                                incorporation or organization)                                       Identification No.)
                                                                   119 Standard Street
                                                                 El Segundo, CA 90245
                                                (Address, including zip code, of principal executive offices)


                                                                        (866) 756-4112
                                                    (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)


                                             Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                                                           Trading
                              Title of each class                         Symbol(s)              Name of each exchange on which registered
                   Common Stock, $0.0001 par value                         BYND                    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

                                            Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None



1 sur 223                                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...


                   Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
            Act.     Yes ☒ No ☐

                Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
            Act. Yes ☐ No ☒

                Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
            Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
            required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒
              No ☐

                Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be
            submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
            shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).  Yes ☒ No ☐

                  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a
            smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated
            filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

                   Large accelerated filer       ☒                                            Accelerated filer                    ☐
                   Non-accelerated filer         ☐                                            Smaller reporting company            ☐
                                                                                              Emerging growth company              ☐

                If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition
            period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the
            Exchange Act. ☐

                Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of
            the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.
            7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒

                If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial
            statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements.
            ☐

                Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of
            incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period
            pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐

                Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
            Act). Yes ☐ No ☒

                As of July 1, 2022, the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of
            the registrant, based on the closing sales price of the registrant’s common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select
            Market on such date, was $1.6 billion.

                As of February 28, 2023, the registrant had 64,094,519 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share,
            outstanding.

                                                     DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

                Portions of the registrant’s definitive proxy statement relating to its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed
            with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022
            are incorporated herein by reference in Part III where indicated.




2 sur 223                                                                                                                            4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                         https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




                                                        TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                                                                    Page
                                                            Part I
            Item 1. Business                                                                                              1
            Item 1A. Risk Factors                                                                                        15
            Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments                                                                           52
            Item 2. Properties                                                                                           52
            Item 3. Legal Proceedings                                                                                    52
            Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures                                                                              53
                                                            Part II
            Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of
               Equity Securities                                                                                         53
            Item 6. [Reserved]
                                                                                                                         54
            Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations                55
            Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk                                          75
            Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                                                          77
            Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure                118
            Item 9A. Controls and Procedures                                                                            119
            Item 9B. Other Information                                                                                  121
            Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
                                                                                                                        121
                                                             Part III
            Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance                                             122
            Item 11. Executive Compensation                                                                             122
            Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
               Matters                                                                                                  122
            Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence                          122
            Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services                                                             122
                                                             Part IV
            Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules                                                          123
            Item 16. Form 10-K Summary                                                                                  128
            Signatures                                                                                                  129




3 sur 223                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                    https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




                                                  Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

                 This report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws that involve risks and
            uncertainties concerning the business, products and financial results of Beyond Meat, Inc. (including its subsidiaries unless
            the context otherwise requires, “Beyond Meat,” “we,” “us,” “our” or the “Company”). We have based these forward-looking
            statements largely on our current opinions, expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions and projections about
            future events and financial trends affecting the operating results and financial condition of our business. Forward-looking
            statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate
            indications of the times at, or by, which such performance or results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are
            based on information available at the time those statements are made and/or management’s good faith belief as of that
            time with respect to future events, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results
            to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could
            cause such differences include, but are not limited to:

                •   the impact of inflation and rising interest rates across the economy, including higher food, grocery, raw materials,
                    transportation, energy, labor and fuel costs;

                •   the impact of adverse and uncertain economic and political conditions in the U.S. and international markets,
                    including due to an economic recession, downturn or periods of rising or high inflation;

                •   reduced consumer confidence and changes in consumer spending, including spending to purchase our products,
                    and negative trends in consumer purchasing patterns due to levels of consumers’ disposable income, credit
                    availability and debt levels, and economic conditions, including due to recessionary and inflationary pressures;

                •   factors negatively impacting demand in the plant-based meat category;

                •   our ability to accurately predict consumer taste preferences, trends and demand and successfully innovate,
                    introduce and commercialize new products and improve existing products, including in new geographic markets;

                •   the effects of increased competition from our market competitors and new market entrants;

                •   risks and uncertainties related to certain cost-reduction initiatives, workforce reductions, executive leadership
                    changes, and the timing and success of achieving certain financial goals or cash flow positive targets;

                •   our ability to streamline operations and improve cost efficiencies, which could result in the contraction of our
                    business and the implementation of significant cost cutting measures such as downsizing and exiting certain
                    operations, domestically and/or abroad;

                •   the impact of uncertainty as a result of doing business in China and Europe;

                •   the volatility of or inability to access the capital markets, including due to macroeconomic factors, geopolitical
                    tensions or the outbreak of hostilities or war;

                •   changes in the retail landscape, including the timing and level of trade and promotion discounts, our ability to
                    maintain and grow market share and increase household penetration, repeat purchases, buying rates (amount
                    spent per buyer) and purchase frequency, and our ability to maintain and increase sales velocity of our products;

                •   changes in the foodservice landscape, including the timing and level of marketing and other financial incentives to
                    assist in the promotion of our products, our ability to maintain and grow market share and attract and retain new
                    foodservice customers or retain existing foodservice customers, and our ability to introduce and sustain offering of
                    our products on menus;




                                                                             i



4 sur 223                                                                                                                         4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




5 sur 223                                                       4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




            •   the timing and success of distribution expansion and new product introductions in increasing revenues and market
                share;

            •   the timing and success of strategic Quick Service Restaurant (“QSR”) partnership launches and limited time
                offerings resulting in permanent menu items;

            •   foreign exchange rate fluctuations;

            •   our ability to identify and execute cost-down initiatives intended to achieve price parity with animal protein;

            •   the effectiveness of our business systems and processes;

            •   our estimates of the size of our market opportunities and ability to accurately forecast market growth;

            •   the impact of uncertainty in our domestic and international supply chain, including labor shortages and disruption
                and shipping delays and disruption;

            •   our ability to effectively expand or optimize our manufacturing and production capacity, including effectively
                managing capacity for specific products with shifts in demand;

            •   risks associated with underutilization of capacity which could give rise to increased costs, underutilization fees and
                termination fees to exit certain supply chain arrangements and/or the write-off of certain equipment;

            •   our inability to sell our inventory in a timely manner requiring us to sell our products through liquidation channels at
                lower prices, write-down or write-off obsolete inventory, or increase inventory reserves;

            •   our ability to accurately forecast our future results of operations and financial goals or targets, including
                fluctuations in demand for our products and in the plant-based meat category generally and increased competition;

            •   our ability to accurately forecast demand for our products and manage our inventory, including the impact of
                customer orders ahead of holidays and shelf reset activities, customer and distributor changes and buying
                patterns, such as reductions in targeted inventory levels, and supply chain and labor disruptions;

            •   our operational effectiveness and ability to fulfill orders in full and on time;

            •   variations in product selling prices and costs, and the mix of products sold;

            •   our ability to successfully enter new geographic markets, manage our international expansion and comply with any
                applicable laws and regulations, including risks associated with doing business in foreign countries, substantial
                investments in our manufacturing operations in China and the Netherlands, and our ability to comply with the U.S.
                Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”) or other anti-corruption laws;

            •   the effects of global outbreaks of pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), epidemics or other public health
                crises, or fear of such crises;

            •   the success of our marketing initiatives and the ability to maintain and grow brand awareness, maintain, protect
                and enhance our brand, attract and retain new customers and maintain and grow our market share;

            •   our ability to attract, maintain and effectively expand our relationships with key strategic foodservice partners;

            •   our ability to attract and retain our suppliers, distributors, co-manufacturers and customers;




                                                                           ii




6 sur 223                                                                                                                       4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                    https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




            •   our ability to procure sufficient high-quality raw materials at competitive prices to manufacture our products;

            •   the availability of pea and other proteins that meet our standards;

            •   our ability to diversify the protein sources used for our products;

            •   our ability to differentiate and continuously create innovative products, respond to competitive innovation and
                achieve speed-to-market;

            •   our ability to successfully execute our strategic initiatives;

            •   the volatility associated with ingredient, packaging, transportation and other input costs;

            •   real or perceived quality or health issues with our products or other issues that adversely affect our brand and
                reputation;

            •   our ability to accurately predict consumer taste preferences, trends and demand and successfully innovate,
                introduce and commercialize new products and improve existing products, including in new geographic markets;

            •   significant disruption in, or breach in security of our information technology systems and resultant interruptions in
                service and any related impact on our reputation, including data privacy;

            •   the ability of our transportation providers to ship and deliver our products in a timely and cost effective manner;

            •   senior management and key personnel changes, the attraction, training and retention of qualified employees and
                key personnel and our ability to maintain our company culture;

            •   the effects of organizational changes including reductions-in-force and realignment of reporting structures;

            •   the success of operations conducted by joint ventures, such as the Planet Partnership, LLC (“TPP”) with PepsiCo,
                Inc., where we share ownership and management of a company with one or more parties who may not have the
                same goals, strategies or priorities as we do and where we do not receive all of the financial benefit;

            •   the timing, impact and success of restructuring certain operating activities related to Beyond Meat Jerky;

            •   risks related to use of a professional employer organization to administer human resources, payroll and employee
                benefits functions for certain of our international employees, and use of certain third party service providers for the
                performance of several business operations including payroll and human capital management services;

            •   the impact of potential workplace hazards;

            •   the effects of natural or man-made catastrophic or severe weather events, including events brought on by climate
                change, particularly involving our or any of our co-manufacturers’ manufacturing facilities, our suppliers’ facilities,
                or any other vital aspects of our supply chain;

            •   the impact of marketing campaigns aimed at generating negative publicity regarding our products, brand and the
                plant-based meat category;

            •   the effectiveness of our internal controls;

            •   accounting estimates based on judgment and assumptions that may differ from actual results;




                                                                           iii




7 sur 223                                                                                                                        4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




            •   the requirements of being a public company and effects of increased administrative costs related to compliance
                and reporting obligations;

            •   the sufficiency of our cash and cash equivalents to meet our liquidity needs;

            •   our significant indebtedness and ability to repay such indebtedness;

            •   risks related to our debt, including limitations on our cash flow from operations and our ability to satisfy our
                obligations under the convertible senior notes; our ability to raise the funds necessary to repurchase the
                convertible senior notes for cash, under certain circumstances, or to pay any cash amounts due upon conversion;
                provisions in the indenture governing the convertible senior notes delaying or preventing an otherwise beneficial
                takeover of us; and any adverse impact on our reported financial condition and results from the accounting
                methods for the convertible senior notes;

            •   estimates of our expenses, future revenues, capital expenditures, capital requirements and our needs for
                additional financing;

            •   our ability to meet our obligations under our El Segundo Campus and Innovation Center ("Campus Headquarters")
                lease (“Campus Lease”), the timing of occupancy and completion of the build-out of our space, cost overruns,
                delays, workforce reductions or other cost-reduction initiatives on our space demands;

            •   our ability to meet our obligations under leases for our corporate offices, manufacturing facilities and warehouses,
                or risks related to excess space capacity under our leases due to workforce reductions or other cost-reduction
                initiatives;

            •   changes in laws and government regulation affecting our business, including the U.S. Food and Drug
                Administration (“FDA”) and the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”) governmental regulation, and state, local
                and foreign regulation;

            •   new or pending legislation, or changes in laws, regulations or policies of governmental agencies or regulators,
                both in the U.S. and abroad, affecting plant-based meat, the labeling or naming of our products, or our brand name
                or logo;

            •   the failure of acquisitions and other investments to be efficiently integrated and produce the results we anticipate;

            •   risks inherent in investment in real estate;

            •   the financial condition of, and our relationships with our suppliers, co-manufacturers, distributors, retailers, and
                foodservice customers, and their future decisions regarding their relationships with us;

            •   our ability and the ability of our suppliers and co-manufacturers to comply with food safety, environmental or other
                laws or regulations;

            •   seasonality, including increased levels of purchasing by customers ahead of holidays, customer shelf reset activity
                and the timing of product restocking by our retail customers;

            •   economic conditions and the impact on consumer spending;

            •   the impact of increased scrutiny from a variety of stakeholders, institutional investors and governmental bodies on
                environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) practices, including expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting,
                diligence and disclosure on ESG matters;

            •   the outcomes of legal or administrative proceedings, or new legal or administrative proceedings filed against us;




                                                                         iv



8 sur 223                                                                                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




9 sur 223                                                       4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                    https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




             •   our, our suppliers’ and our co-manufacturers’ ability to protect our proprietary technology, intellectual property and
                 trade secrets adequately;

             •   the impact of tariffs and trade wars;

             •   the impact of changes in tax laws; and

             •   the risks discussed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, and elsewhere in this report, and those discussed in other
                 documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”).

              In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “may,” “should,” “expects,” “might,”
         “plans,” “anticipates,” “could,” “intends,” “target,” “projects,” “contemplates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “potential,”
         “seek,” “would” or “continue,” or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. We have based these forward-
         looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we
         believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Although we believe that the expectations
         reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity,
         performance or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. Because
         forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or
         quantified, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and
         circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur and actual results could differ
         materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements.

             This report also contains estimates and other statistical data obtained from independent parties and by us relating to
         market size and growth and other data about our industry and ultimate consumers. The number of retail and foodservice
         outlets where Beyond Meat branded products are available was derived from data as of December 2022. This data
         involves a number of assumptions and limitations, and you are cautioned not to give undue weight to such estimates and
         data.

              All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety
         by the cautionary statements set forth above. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. You
         should not put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. We assume no obligation to publicly update or revise
         any forward-looking statements because of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise, except
         to the extent required by applicable laws. If we update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be
         drawn that we will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements.

              “Beyond Meat,” “Beyond Burger,” “Beyond Beef,” “Beyond Sausage,” “Beyond Breakfast Sausage,” “Beyond
         Meatballs,” “Beyond Chicken,” “Beyond Popcorn Chicken,” “Beyond Steak,” “Go Beyond,” “Cookout Classic,” “The Future
         of Protein,” the Caped Steer Logo, and “Eat What You Love,” are registered or pending trademarks of Beyond Meat, Inc. in
         the United States and, in some cases, in certain other countries. All other brand names or trademarks appearing in this
         report are the property of their respective holders. Solely for convenience, the trademarks and trade names contained
         herein are referred to without the ® and ™ symbols, but such references should not be construed as any indicator that
         their respective owners will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, their rights thereto.




                                                                             v




10 sur 223                                                                                                                          4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




                                                                   PART I

         ITEM 1. BUSINESS.

         Overview
              Beyond Meat is a leading plant-based meat company offering a portfolio of revolutionary plant-based meats. We build
         meat directly from plants, an innovation that enables consumers to experience the taste, texture and other sensory
         attributes of popular animal-based meat products while enjoying the nutritional and environmental benefits of eating our
         plant-based meat products. Our brand promise, “Eat What You Love,” represents a strong belief that there is a better way
         to feed our future and that the positive choices we all make, no matter how small, can have a great impact on our personal
         health and the health of our planet. By shifting from animal-based meat to plant-based meat, we can positively impact four
         growing global issues: human health, climate change, constraints on natural resources and animal welfare. The success of
         our breakthrough innovation model and products has allowed us to appeal to a broad range of consumers, including
         flexitarians, those who typically eat animal-based meats, positioning us to compete directly in the $1.4 trillion global meat
         industry.

              To capture this broad market opportunity, we have developed three core plant-based product platforms that align with
         the largest meat categories globally: beef, pork and poultry. The primary components of animal-based meat—amino acids,
         lipids, carbohydrates, trace minerals and water—are not exclusive to animals and are plentiful in plants. We create our
         plant-based products using proprietary scientific processes that determine the architecture of the animal-based meat we
         are seeking to replicate and then we assemble it using plant-derived amino acids, lipids, carbohydrates, trace minerals and
         water. We are focused on continuously improving our products so that eventually they are, to the human sensory system,
         indistinguishable from their animal-based counterparts.

             Our flagship product is the Beyond Burger, designed to look, cook and taste like a traditional beef burger. We also sell
         a range of other plant-based meat products, including Beyond Sausage, Beyond Beef, Beyond Meatballs, Beyond
         Breakfast Sausage Patties, Beyond Breakfast Sausage Links, Beyond Beef Crumbles, Beyond Italian Sausage Crumbles,
         Beyond Chicken Tenders, Beyond Steak, Beyond Popcorn Chicken, Beyond Chicken Nuggets and Beyond Meat Jerky. All
         of our products are made from simple ingredients without GMOs, no added hormones or antibiotics, and 0 mg of
         cholesterol per serving. With the exception of certain Beyond Beef Crumbles which are not certified Kosher, all of our
         products are certified Kosher and Halal. All of our products are good to excellent sources of protein and we are focused on
         making them nutritionally dense, with minimal negative attributes relative to their animal protein alternatives. As of
         December 2022, Beyond Meat branded products were available at approximately 190,000 retail and foodservice outlets in
         more than 80 countries worldwide, across mainstream grocery, mass merchandiser, club store, convenience store and
         natural retailer channels, and various food-away-from-home channels, including restaurants, foodservice outlets and
         schools.

              Research, development and innovation are core elements of our business strategy, and we believe they represent a
         critical competitive advantage for us. Through our Beyond Meat Rapid and Relentless Innovation Program, our team of
         scientists and engineers focuses on making continuous improvements to our existing product formulations and developing
         new products across our plant-based beef, pork and poultry platforms. Our state-of-the-art Innovation Center within our
         Campus Headquarters brings together leading scientists from chemistry, biology, material science, food science and
         biophysics disciplines who work together with process engineers and culinary specialists to pursue our vision of perfectly
         building plant-based meat.

             Net revenues decreased to $418.9 million in 2022 from $464.7 million in 2021, representing a 9.8% reduction. We
         have generated losses since inception. Net loss in 2022 and 2021 was $366.1 million and $182.1 million, respectively, as
         we pursued our long-term goal of future growth of our business, investing in innovation, people, infrastructure, product
         scaling and establishing strategic partnerships in the U.S., EU and China. In 2022, our net revenues were negatively
         affected by softness in demand in the plant-based category, macroeconomic issues, including inflation, rising interest rates
         and increasing concerns about the likelihood of a

                                                                         1



11 sur 223                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




12 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         recession, and increased competition. Additionally, there remains uncertainty regarding the long-term effects of the
         COVID-19 pandemic and certain negative impacts on our business, the plant-based category, consumer and customer
         behavior, and demand levels.

             In response to the current difficult environment and the negative impact of these factors on our business and the
         overall plant-based category, beginning in the fourth quarter of 2022 we are pivoting our focus toward sustainable long-
         term growth supported by three pillars: (1) driving margin recovery and operating expense reduction through the
         implementation of lean value streams across our beef, pork and poultry platforms; (2) inventory reduction and cash flow
         generation through more efficient inventory management; and (3) focusing on near-term retail and foodservice growth
         drivers while supporting strategic key long-term partners and opportunities.

             Our Mission

             We are a mission-driven business with long-standing core values. We strive to operate in a transparent, socially
         responsible and environmentally sustainable manner and are committed to help solve the major health and global
         environmental issues which we believe are caused in part by an animal-based protein diet and existing industrial livestock
         production. We believe our authentic and long-standing commitment to these causes better positions us to build loyalty
         and trust with current consumers and helps to attract new ones. Our corporate culture embodies these values and, as a
         result, we enjoy a highly motivated and skilled workforce committed to our mission and our enterprise.

             The Beyond Meat Strategic Difference

             •   Unique Approach to the Product

             We employ a revolutionary and unique approach to create our products, with a goal of delivering the same satisfying
         taste, aroma and texture as the animal-based meats we seek to replicate. At our Innovation Center within our Campus
         Headquarters, our scientists and engineers work to continuously improve our products to replicate the sensory experience
         of animal-based meat. Each product is designed to not only closely replicate the taste and sensory experience of its
         animal protein equivalent, but to also provide the nutritional and environmental benefits of plant-based meat.

             We start by analyzing the composition and design of relevant animal-based meats at the molecular and structural
         level. The primary components, other than water, comprising animal-based meats are amino acids, lipids, carbohydrates
         and trace minerals, which are not exclusive to animals and are present in abundance in plants. The amino acids that form
         the proteins which represent the muscle of animal-based meat can be sourced from plants. We use proteins primarily
         extracted from yellow peas, as well as mung beans, faba beans, brown rice and other plant stock, through a physical
         process to separate protein and fiber. We then apply heating, cooling and pressure at rapid and varied intervals to weave
         the protein into a fibrous structure to create woven protein that mimics the texture of muscle. Our woven protein is
         converted according to our formulas and specifications into a packaged product at our own facilities or by our network of
         co-manufacturers, after which the final packaged product is then shipped to distributors or direct to customers.

             •   Unique Approach to the Market

              Our breakthrough product innovations have enabled a paradigm shift in both marketing and target audience—tapping
         into the enthusiastic pull from mainstream consumers for delicious and satisfying, yet better-for-you plant-based meats.
         This approach is summed up in our brand promise—“Eat What You Love.” When we launched our flagship Beyond Burger
         in 2016, we approached the marketplace in an unprecedented way. Instead of marketing and merchandising the Beyond
         Burger to vegans and vegetarians, we requested that the product be sold in the meat case at grocery retailers where
         meat-loving consumers are accustomed to shopping for center-of-plate proteins. We believe merchandising in the meat
         case in the retail channel has helped drive greater brand awareness with our end consumers.




                                                                        2




13 sur 223                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




             Reflecting the strength and value of the Beyond Meat brand to its partners, many of our foodservice customers choose
         to prominently feature our brand name on their menu and within item descriptions, in addition to displaying Beyond Meat
         branded signage throughout their venues. We believe that we have established our brand as one with “halo” benefits to
         our partners as evidenced by the increased adoption by strategic QSR partners. Our foodservice channel not only
         functions as a form of paid trial for our products, helping to drive additional retail demand, but also creates even greater
         brand awareness for Beyond Meat through the on-menu and in-store publicity we receive.

             •   Unique Approach to Our Brand

             Our mission is to create nutritious plant-based meats that taste delicious and deliver a consumer experience that is
         indistinguishable from that provided by animal-based meats. We believe our brand promise, “Eat What You Love,”
         encourages consumers to eat more, not less, of the traditional dishes they enjoy by using our products, while feeling great
         about the health, sustainability and animal welfare benefits associated with consuming plant-based meat. This approach is
         one of the reasons all of our current products are non-GMO. Our approach of bringing to market the best innovations is a
         strategy that engages the consumer and provides feedback from which we iterate and improve.

             Our brand awareness has been driven by strong digital and social media marketing as well as earned media reaching
         our digitally native target audience. The viral nature of our marketing and brand-building has been enhanced by both the
         network of brand ambassadors we have developed throughout the United States and abroad, and our strong following by
         celebrities from the worlds of sports and entertainment who help promote the benefits of a plant-based diet and the
         Beyond Meat brand.

             In 2022 we brought the environmental impact of our products to the forefront, showcasing the difference a burger can
         make through “This Burger Fights Climate Change,” a nationwide campaign stretching from Times Square billboards to
         YouTube shorts. We expanded the premise in our summer grilling campaign, joining Kevin Hart as he time-traveled
         through the decades to help change the world, one delicious Beyond Burger at a time. In October, we supported the
         launch of three new products, including Beyond Steak, through an omnichannel campaign across traditional and retail
         media.

             Our Industry and Market Opportunity

              We operate in the large and global meat industry, which is comprised of fresh and packaged animal-based meats for
         human consumption. According to data from Fitch Solutions Macro Research, the meat industry is the largest category in
         food and in 2017 generated estimated sales across retail and foodservice channels of approximately $270 billion in the
         United States and approximately $1.4 trillion globally. We believe our revenue growth over time will allow us to capture an
         increased share of the broader U.S. meat category, supported by a number of key drivers, including the authentic
         comparability and sensory experience of our products to their animal-based meat equivalents, continued mainstream
         acceptance of our products by traditional animal-based meat consumers, heightened consumer awareness of the role that
         food and nutrition, particularly plant-based foods, play in long-term human health and wellness, and growing concerns
         related to the negative environmental and animal-welfare impacts of animal-based meat consumption. As a market leader
         in the plant-based meat category, we believe we are well-positioned to take advantage of and drive this category growth.

             Our Competitive Strengths

             We believe that the following strengths position us to generate growth and pursue our objective to become a leader in
         the global meat category.

             •   Dedicated Focus on Innovation

             We invest significant resources in our innovation capabilities to develop plant-based meat alternatives to popular
         animal-based meat products. Our innovation team, comprised of scientists, engineers, researchers, technicians and chefs,
         has delivered a number of unique plant-based meat breakthroughs, as well as continuous improvements to existing
         products. We are able to leverage what we learn about taste, texture,


                                                                        3



14 sur 223                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




15 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         aroma and appearance across our plant-based beef, pork and poultry platforms and apply this knowledge to each of our
         product offerings. In 2022, our innovation team moved into its new location within our Campus Headquarters, where we
         have a strong pipeline of products in development.

             •   Brand Mission Aligned with Consumer Trends

             We believe our brand is uniquely positioned to capitalize on growing consumer interest in great-tasting, nutritious,
         convenient, higher protein content and plant-based foods. We have also tapped into growing public awareness of major
         issues connected to animal protein, including human health, climate change, resource conservation and animal welfare.
         Simply put, our products aim to enable consumers to “Eat What You Love” without the downsides associated with
         conventional animal protein.

              We have built a powerful brand with broad demographic appeal and a passionate consumer base. Our brand
         awareness is driven by strong marketing. Our audience continues to grow from the attention generated by our large
         following of celebrities, influencers and brand ambassadors who identify with our mission.

             •   Product Portfolio Generates Demand Across Channels

             Increased sales of our products have helped us foster strong relationships in a relatively short period of time. We
         provide our retailers with exciting new products in the meat case, where innovation rarely occurs.

             Our foodservice customers are excited by the opportunity to differentiate their menu offerings and attract new
         customers by partnering with Beyond Meat, and are seeking new ways to further promote our products, for example
         through mass media advertising campaigns inclusive of TV, radio, out of home and digital channels. We believe our
         customers’ frequent choice to feature Beyond Meat demonstrates the marketing power of our brand and overall consumer
         excitement for our products. This type of demand for our products has been a driving force in building strong ties with
         customers who have been continually impressed by the impact our brand can make on their business.

             •   Experienced and Passionate Executive Management Team

             We are led by a proven and experienced executive management team with broad industry experience, including at
         both consumer packaged goods companies and high-growth businesses. Prior to founding Beyond Meat, Ethan Brown,
         our President and Chief Executive Officer, spent over a decade in the clean energy industry working for hydrogen fuel cell
         leader, Ballard Power Systems, rising from an entry level manager to reporting directly to the Chief Executive Officer. Mr.
         Brown’s significant experience in clean tech, coupled with an appreciation of animal agriculture's role in contributing to
         greenhouse gas emissions, led him to start a plant-based meat products company. Our executive management team plays
         an integral role in Beyond Meat’s success by instilling a culture committed to innovation, customer satisfaction and growth.

             Cost Down Strategy

             A key component of our business strategy is to continually drive the cost of our products down over time, with the
         aspiration to eventually price at parity with animal-based protein. To enable this, in 2021 we kicked off our Cost Down
         program, which consists of multiple workstreams focused on initiatives such as competitive bidding for ingredients,
         increasing manufacturing throughput, streamlining our internal fulfillment network and reformulating products to reduce
         costs. The reductions in force implemented in August and October 2022 and our sharpened focus on certain large
         customers and markets, are examples of ways we’ve started executing on our broader cost down strategy.

             Our Long-Term Growth Strategy

             In response to the current difficult environment and the negative impact of certain factors on our business and the
         overall plant-based category, beginning in the fourth quarter of 2022 we are pivoting our focus toward sustainable long-
         term growth supported by three pillars: (1) driving margin recovery and operating expense reduction through the
         implementation of lean value streams across our beef, pork and poultry platforms; (2)



                                                                         4



16 sur 223                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




17 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         inventory reduction and cash flow generation through more efficient inventory management; and (3) focusing on near-term
         retail and foodservice growth drivers while supporting strategic key long-term partners and opportunities. For clarity, lean
         value streams represent organizing our teams and operational approach in such a way that increases cross-functional
         collaboration, transparency and ownership of key business processes and initiatives, with an overarching objective of
         eliminating waste throughout our organization. We believe, if implemented effectively, the use of a lean value stream
         approach could drive faster speed-to-market of new product launches, which in turn could accelerate our sales growth,
         increase our pace of reducing our production costs and expanding our gross margin, and enable further operating expense
         reductions, among others.

             In the long-term, we intend to continue to do the following:

             •   Pursue Top-line Growth Across our Distribution Channels

             We continue to believe that there is a significant opportunity over time to expand our retail and foodservice footprint
         through distribution expansion, continued innovation and commercialization of new products, increased penetration across
         channels and into other areas of the retail footprint. We believe increased distribution will lead to growing consumer
         awareness and demand for nutritious, convenient and high protein plant-based foods, leading to an increase in the overall
         size of the plant-based meat category as more consumers shift their diets away from animal-based proteins.

             •   Invest in Infrastructure and Capabilities

             Over the long-term, we are committed to prioritizing investment in our infrastructure and capabilities. In 2022, we made
         significant investments in support of our production and supply chain capabilities, new Campus Headquarters, sales and
         marketing efforts, our joint venture, TPP, and the bolstering of our IT and systems infrastructure in order to enable a
         sustainable market-leading position for the long-term.

            We are continually reviewing opportunities to optimize our manufacturing capacity across our network, identifying
         opportunities to increase overall equipment effectiveness, as well as opportunities to leverage our internal manufacturing
         and co-manufacturer network.

             •   Expand Our Product Offerings

             The success of our products over the past several years supports our belief that, despite a recent softness in the plant-
         based category, there will continue to be significant demand for additional plant-based meat products in the long-term. We
         intend to strengthen our product offerings by improving the formulations for our existing portfolio of products and by
         creating new products that expand the portfolio. We are continually refining our products to improve their taste, texture,
         aroma and appearance. In addition, we are committed to investing in research and development to continue to innovate
         within our core plant-based platforms of beef, pork and poultry to create exciting new product lines and improve the
         formulations for our existing portfolio of products.

            Our new product launches in 2022 included the launch of Beyond Steak, Beyond Chicken Nuggets and Beyond
         Popcorn Chicken in U.S. retail and foodservice channels, tests of Beyond Carne Asada and Beyond Fried Chicken in the
         U.S. foodservice channel, Beyond Italian Sausage Crumbles in the Canadian foodservice channel, and Beyond Dumplings
         and Beyond Meat Plant-based Pork Patties in China e-commerce channels.

             •   Continue to Grow Our Brand

             We intend to continue to develop our brand and increase awareness of Beyond Meat. We plan on highlighting our “Go
         Beyond” message and the global benefits that come with eating our products. We also plan to continue to create relevant
         content with our network of celebrities, influencers and brand ambassadors, who have successfully built significant brand
         awareness for us by supporting our mission and products and incorporating Beyond Meat into their daily lifestyle. We also
         intend to resume and expand our pre-COVID-19 field marketing efforts to sample products directly with consumers in
         stores and at relevant events.


                                                                            5



18 sur 223                                                                                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




19 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




             Our Products

              We sell a range of plant-based meat products across our three core platforms of beef, pork and poultry. Depending on
         the product and channel, they are offered in ready-to-cook, ready-to-heat or shelf-stable formats. Our products cover an
         entire day’s menu planning, from breakfast to dinner and snacking in between.

             All of our products are made from simple ingredients without GMOs, no added hormones or antibiotics, and 0 mg of
         cholesterol per serving. With the exception of certain Beyond Beef Crumbles which are not certified Kosher, all of our
         products are certified Kosher and Halal. All of our products are good to excellent sources of protein and we are focused on
         making them nutritionally dense, with lower negative attributes relative to their animal protein alternatives.

              Our beef platform consists of our line of products that are intended to mimic animal-based beef in its various
         merchandised forms, including ground beef, burger patties and meatballs, among others. Our primary products under our
         beef platform include the Beyond Burger, Beyond Beef, Beyond Meatballs, Beyond Beef Crumbles, Beyond Meat Jerky
         and Beyond Steak which are sold across our U.S. and international retail and foodservice channels. The protein content
         for our beef platform products is primarily derived from one or a combination of pea protein, rice protein, faba bean protein,
         wheat gluten and mung bean protein.

              Our pork platform consists of our line of products that are intended to mimic animal-based pork in its various
         merchandised forms, including dinner sausage links, breakfast sausage patties and links, and ground pork, among others.
         Our primary products under our pork platform include Beyond Sausage, Beyond Breakfast Sausage Patties, Beyond
         Breakfast Sausage Links, Beyond Sausage Crumbles and Beyond Ground Pork, and are sold across our U.S. and
         international retail and foodservice channels. The protein content of our pork platform products is primarily derived from
         one or a combination of pea protein, rice protein and soy protein.

              Our poultry platform consists of our line of products that are intended to mimic animal-based chicken in its various
         merchandised forms, including chicken tenders, chicken nuggets and popcorn chicken. Our primary products under our
         poultry platform include Beyond Chicken Tenders, Beyond Chicken Nuggets and Beyond Popcorn Chicken. With the
         exception of Beyond Chicken Tenders, which is sold across our U.S. and international retail and foodservice channels, the
         poultry platform products are primarily sold in our U.S. retail channel. The protein content for our poultry platform products
         is primarily derived from faba bean protein and wheat gluten.

             Customers

             Since the success of the Beyond Burger, we have created a strong presence at leading food retailers across the
         United States and abroad. As of December 2022, Beyond Meat branded products were available in approximately 78,000
         retail outlets in the United States and 35,000 retail outlets internationally.

              We remain focused on expanding our partnerships with foodservice customers over time, including large full-service
         restaurant (“FSR”) and QSR customers in the United States and abroad. As of December 2022, Beyond Meat branded
         products were available in approximately 43,000 foodservice outlets in the United States and 34,000 foodservice outlets
         internationally.

              We sell to a variety of customers in the retail and foodservice channels throughout the United States and
         internationally primarily through distributors who purchase, store, sell and deliver our products. Because such distributors
         function in an intermediary role, we do not consider them to be direct customers. In addition, we sell directly to customers
         in the retail and foodservice channels who handle their own distribution.

             In 2022, DOT Foods, Inc. (“DOT”) accounted for approximately 12% of our gross revenues. In 2021, DOT and
         Zandbergen WFM accounted for approximately 12% and 11% of our gross revenues, respectively. In 2020, Costco
         accounted for approximately 13% of our gross revenues. No other distributor or customer accounted for more than 10% of
         our gross revenues in 2022, 2021 or 2020.



                                                                         6



20 sur 223                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




21 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




             Our Supply Chain

             •   Sourcing and Suppliers

             The principal ingredient used to manufacture our products is pea protein. We procure the raw materials for our woven
         protein from a number of different suppliers. Although most of the raw materials we require are typically readily available
         from multiple sources, we currently have a limited number of suppliers for the pea protein used in our products.

             •   Supply Agreements

             We have a multi-year sales agreement with Roquette Frères (“Roquette”) for the supply of pea protein which expires
         on December 31, 2023. We are obligated to purchase certain minimum annual amounts as specified in the agreement. We
         continually seek additional sources of pea protein and other plant-based protein for our products that meet our criteria.

              Flavors consist of product flavors that have been developed by our innovation team in collaboration with our supply
         partners exclusively for us or in collaboration with our foodservice partners. The formulas are then produced by our
         suppliers for use in our products. Ingredients in our flavors are qualified through trials to ensure manufacturability. Upon
         receipt of the ingredients, we receive Certificates of Analysis from our suppliers in our quality control process to confirm
         that our rigorous standards have been met. Flavors are extensively tested prior to introduction to ensure finished product
         attributes such as taste, texture, aroma and appearance are not negatively impacted.

             Other than the pea protein supply agreement described above, we generally do not have long-term supply agreements
         with our other suppliers. As most of the raw materials we use in our flavors are readily available in the market from many
         suppliers, we believe that we can within a reasonable period of time make satisfactory alternative arrangements in the
         event of an interruption of supply from our vendors.

             Manufacturing

              As the first step in our manufacturing process a dry blend containing our plant protein is combined within our
         manufacturing facility. The dry blend then enters our extruder, where both water and steam are added. We then use a
         combination of heating, cooling and variations of pressure to weave together the proteins into an architecture that mimics
         the texture and muscle structure of animal meat. The formed woven protein is used as the basis of all our products. Next,
         internally or through our co-manufacturers, we further process the woven protein by combining flavorings and other
         ingredients, after which the final packaged product is then shipped to distributors or direct to customers. In order to sustain
         the quality of our products, we have implemented a “define, measure, analyze, improve and control,” or DMAIC, approach
         to improve, optimize and stabilize our processes and design.

             We depend on co-manufacturers for the manufacturing of some of our products. Our co-manufacturers are currently in
         various locations throughout the United States, Canada, the Netherlands and China. We continue to explore further
         optimization of our production capabilities domestically and abroad to produce our woven proteins, blends of flavor
         systems and binding systems, and finished goods.

             Quality Control

             In-process quality checks are performed throughout the manufacturing process, including temperature, physical
         dimensions and weight. We provide specific instructions to customers and consumers for storing and cooking our
         products. A majority of our products are transported and stored frozen. Frozen products such as Beyond Beef Crumbles
         and Beyond Breakfast Sausage Patties are intended to be prepared from their frozen state, with cooking instructions
         enclosed on all packaging.

              Retail products sold in the meat case, such as the Beyond Burger, Beyond Sausage, Beyond Beef, Beyond Meatballs
         and Beyond Sausage Links, are shipped to the customer frozen. The customer is provided instructions on ‘slacking,’ which
         is typically done by moving frozen food to a refrigerator to allow it to slowly and



                                                                          7



22 sur 223                                                                                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




23 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         safely thaw before cooking. For this step, retailers must apply a “use by date” sticker to the packaging prior to sale.

             Distribution

              From our internal manufacturing or co-manufacturing facilities, products are transferred by third-party logistics
         providers to cold storage facilities or are directly shipped to the customer. International shipments are also handled by
         third-party logistics providers and in some instances are organized directly by the customer.

            At present, we manage shipments through Manhattan Active Transportation Management System (TMS) and
         FourKites for real-time shipment tracking and visibility to coordinate our supply chain through to final distribution.

             Order Fulfillment

              Our customer service and logistics functions are responsible for customer-facing activities, order management,
         customer logistics, 3PL leadership and intra-company distribution. We utilize Oracle NetSuite ERP and integration with our
         3PL Cloud interface platforms for these processes. Customer orders are principally transmitted via electronic data
         interface, or EDI, but may be processed manually if necessary. Orders are accepted in NetSuite, reviewed for accuracy
         and fulfillment plans are developed. When fulfillment plans are ready, orders are tendered to 3rd party carriers via
         Manhattan TMS. Metrics for the Customer Service and Logistics team include order fill rates, on-time delivery, customer
         scorecards as needed and cost leadership. We have agreements with third-party service providers for all of our shipping
         needs.

             Sales and In-Store Activation

             •   Sales

              As of December 31, 2022, our sales team is organized into four divisions: retail, foodservice, international and
         strategic partnerships. Additionally, we have strong support functions with Category Management, Consumer Insights and
         Analytics, Customer Service and Marketing. The sales team has an extensive range of experience from leading CPG,
         natural food, meat and plant-based meat companies. It works in close coordination with a network of global broker and
         distributor partners that gives us the expertise and access to accounts and markets across key global markets in an
         efficient and scalable fashion as we continue to seek to grow our footprint and sales globally.

             •   Brand Marketing

             The primary means by which we have driven consumer awareness of our products is via social and digital media, PR,
         retail and foodservice shopper marketing, ambassador and influencer activations, paid media and strategic partnerships.
         Our marketing strategy focuses on driving awareness all the way through to purchase and loyalty.

              We maintain active social media platforms such as Facebook, Instagram, TikTok and Twitter to build awareness, share
         news, reach new audiences and engage with our consumers. These platforms allow us to engage with our consumers and
         directly reach target demographics such as millennials and “Generation Z.” We also leverage our first party data to
         distribute brand information and news, foster loyalty through unique offers and share recipe content to drive consumption.

              We also maintain a registered domain website at www.beyondmeat.com, which serves as the primary source of
         information regarding our products, as well as foreign domains in certain countries. Our website is used as a platform to
         promote our products, provide news, share recipes, highlight nutritional facts and provide general information on where to
         purchase our products.

             We are fortunate to have partnered with a network of brand ambassadors and developed a strong following by
         celebrities from the worlds of sports and entertainment who share our core values. Their organic involvement and interest
         are helpful to promote our overall mission and strategic partnerships.




                                                                          8



24 sur 223                                                                                                                        4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




25 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




              In 2022, we deployed targeted brand campaigns to build awareness, reach new users and drive conversion. Our paid
         digital initiatives included social, programmatic, podcasts, out-of-home, online video, connected TV, and digital offers and
         rewards.

             Competition

              We operate in a highly competitive environment. We believe that we compete with both conventional animal-protein
         companies, such as Cargill, Hormel, JBS, Perdue Foods, Tyson and WH Group, and also plant-based meat brands,
         including brands affiliated with conventional animal-protein companies and other large food operators, such as Alpha
         Foods, Boca Foods (Kraft Heinz), Lightlife and Field Roast Grain Meat Co. (Maple Leaf Foods), Gardein (Conagra),
         Hungry Planet, Inc., Impossible Foods, Incogmeato/Morningstar Farms (Kellogg), Moving Mountains, Omn!pork
         (OmniFoods), Tofurky, Sweet Earth and Awesome Burger (Nestle’ S.A.), Pure Farmland by Smithfield Foods (WH Group),
         Raised & Rooted (Tyson), Happy Little Plants (Hormel), Sysco’s Simply Plant-Based Meatless Burger, Tattooed Chef, The
         Not Company and Vegetarian Butcher (Unilever). Additionally, a number of U.S. and international companies are working
         on developing lab-grown or “clean meat,” an animal-protein product cultivated from cells taken from animals, which could
         have a similar appeal to consumers as plant-based products.

             We believe the principal competitive factors in our industry are:

             • taste;

             • nutritional profile;

             • ingredients;

             • texture;

             • ease of integration into the consumer diet;
             • low-carbohydrate, low-sugar, high fiber and protein;
             • lack of cholesterol, gluten and GMOs;
             • convenience;
             • price and promotion tactics;
             • brand awareness and loyalty among consumers;
             • media spending;
             • product variety and packaging;
             • access to major retailer shelf space and retail locations;
             • access to major foodservice outlets and integration into menus;
             • innovation; and
             • intellectual property protection on products.
              We believe we compete effectively with respect to each of these factors. However, many companies in our industry
         have substantially greater financial resources, more comprehensive product lines, broader market presence, longer
         standing relationships with distributors and suppliers, longer operating histories, greater production, commercialization and
         distribution capabilities and greater marketing resources than we have.

             Research and Development

              Our research and development team creates, tests and refines our products at our Innovation Center within our
         Campus Headquarters. We employ in-house scientists, engineers, researchers and testers to help create the next
         iterations of our plant-based meat products. Our team has delivered a number of first-to-market
                                                                            9


26 sur 223                                                                                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




27 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         breakthroughs focused on plant-based meat and we are also focused on continuous improvement of existing products. We
         have and will continue to protect any intellectual property created by us.

             Our Beyond Meat Rapid and Relentless Innovation Program defines the details of the product innovation process from
         ideation and prototype development through commercialization. This process assigns responsibility and accountability of
         each functional team throughout the process and defines deliverables at each step.

             Product Innovation

             Innovation is a core competency of ours and an important part of our growth strategy. Our goal is to identify large,
         animal-based meat product categories across our core plant-based platforms of beef, pork and poultry that exhibit long-
         term consumer trends. We then dedicate significant research and development resources to create authentic plant-based
         versions of these products that replicate the taste, texture, aroma and appearance of their animal-based equivalents. We
         have been able to leverage the success of our existing products and resulting brand equity to launch improved versions of
         our existing products and create new products.

             The innovation team undertakes extensive research projects to increase our fundamental understanding of animal-
         based meat and plant-based equivalents. A few examples of where we are focusing on continued refinements of our
         products include:

            • Better fat adipose tissue and saturated fat mimics: We are researching new materials and technologies capable of
         mimicking saturated fat in terms of texture and appearance, but without the nutritional drawbacks of saturated fat.

             • Alternative functional proteins: We pursue new non-animal proteins that add function to our food products, including
         native proteins that can denature during cooking, protein binders and protein emulsifying agents and proteins.

              • Additional connective tissue equivalents: We are seeking materials and methods to introduce additional cartilaginous-
         like materials and heterogeneity in the form of both texture and appearance in our food products.

             • Encapsulation materials and technology: We are seeking new materials and technologies to expand the scope of
         controlled-release delivery systems in our food products as it relates to delivering flavor, color and texturizing agents.

             • Materials and technologies to support flavor and texture development: We are seeking non-GMO enzymes that can
         assist with protein enzymolysis as it relates to flavor reactions.

             On January 25, 2021, we entered into TPP, a joint venture with PepsiCo, Inc., to develop, produce and market
         innovative snack and beverage products made from plant-based protein. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we began taking
         steps to restructure certain contracts and operating activities related to Beyond Meat Jerky. Such activities are expected to
         continue through most of 2023.

             Seasonality

             Generally, we expect to experience greater demand for certain of our products during the summer grilling season. In
         2022 and 2021, U.S. retail channel net revenues during the second quarter were 16% and 21% higher than the first
         quarter, respectively. We expect to continue to see additional seasonality effects, especially within our retail channel, with
         revenue contribution from this channel tending to be greater in the second and third quarters of the year, along with
         increased levels of purchasing by customers ahead of holidays, the impact of customer shelf reset activity and the timing
         of product restocking by our retail customers. In addition, in an environment of recessionary and inflationary pressures,
         general softness in the plant-based category, competition and other factors impacting our business, including uncertainty
         around the long-term impacts of COVID-19, we are unable to assess the ultimate impact on the demand for our products
         as a result of seasonality.




                                                                         10




28 sur 223                                                                                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




29 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




             Human Capital Resources

             •   Employees

             As of December 31, 2022, we had 787 full-time employees and 89 contract workers. None of our employees is
         represented by a labor union. We have never experienced a labor-related work stoppage.

             •   Employee Health and Safety Related to COVID-19

            In the United States, we have transitioned back to normal operating procedures with a heightened awareness of
         maintaining a healthy workplace and work environment. At all of our facilities, we follow current guidelines from local
         departments of public health and have implemented comprehensive preventative hygienic measures to support the health
         and safety of our employees.

             As a result of China’s lifting of its zero COVID policies, our facilities in China no longer require visitors and personnel to
         obtain a 72-hour swab test. However, at our R&D center and Jiaxing factory, visitors are still required to pre-register their
         personal details and record their temperature. Those who record symptoms relating to a fever or report cough symptoms
         are not allowed to enter these two facilities.

             •   Diversity and Inclusion

              We value the unique talent and merit that derive from diverse backgrounds and experience. We aspire to engender
         and affirm equity and inclusion through a purposeful investment in qualified individuals from an array of different
         communities. Our company culture thrives when different perspectives and ideas inform our strategic goals to innovate
         and deliver to customers of every socio-economic background. We recognize that representation and collaboration are
         vital components to address the challenges that face our planet. We have developed a framework of guiding principles that
         set the foundation for sustainable Diversity, Equity and Inclusion practices by reducing subjectivity and biases via data-
         driven decisions and promoting shared ownership for inclusive behaviors and actions across the organization. In addition,
         we are actively working on our diversity and inclusion roadmap, which focuses on four pillars: Workplace Inclusion,
         Employee Experience, Equitable Brand and Community.

             •   Mission, Culture and Engagement

             Everything we do is powered by our mission and core values and our corporate culture reflects that. As a result, we
         enjoy a highly motivated and skilled workforce committed to our mission and our company. We believe we have a unique
         culture which promotes employee engagement. Our employees are driven by our mission which promotes collaboration
         and innovation. We promote employee engagement by organizing various employee activities that are aligned with our
         mission, including our weekly “Coffee Talk,” a forum for employee engagement with the leadership.

             •   Total Rewards and Pay Philosophy

             We strive to attract and retain diverse, high-caliber employees who raise the talent bar by offering competitive
         compensation and benefit packages, regardless of their gender identity, race, age, perspective, or other personal
         characteristics. We regularly review and survey our compensation and benefit programs against the market to ensure we
         remain competitive in our hiring practices. We provide employee salaries that are competitive and consider factors such as
         an employee’s role and experience, the location of their job and their performance.

             We also review our compensation practices, both in terms of our overall workforce and individual employees, to
         ensure our pay is fair and equitable. In addition to our competitive salaries, to enhance our employees’ sense of
         participation in the company and to further align their interests with those of our stockholders, we offer equity to all of our
         salaried employees.

            We offer a variety of comprehensive medical benefits to our employees. In addition to medical benefits, we offer our
         employees dental and vision coverage, health savings and flexible spending accounts, paid time off,


                                                                          11



30 sur 223                                                                                                                       4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




31 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         paid company holidays, paid parental leave, bereavement leave, pet bereavement leave, employee assistance programs,
         a 401(k) retirement savings plan with company matching contributions, voluntary short-term and long-term disability
         insurance, and life insurance.

             •   Development and Retention

              We strive to hire, develop and retain outstanding talent that is passionate about changing the world and that
         continuously raises the performance bar. We encourage, support and compensate our employees based on our
         philosophy of recognizing and rewarding exceptional performance. We achieve this by focusing on development, goal
         setting, accomplishments and ongoing feedback that aligns with short- and long-term company strategy. We believe that
         development is foundational to future success and should be an ongoing process in which all employees should be active
         participants.

             Trademarks and Other Intellectual Property

             We own domestic and international trademarks and other proprietary rights that are important to our business.
         Depending upon the jurisdiction, trademarks are valid as long as they are used in the regular course of trade and/or their
         registrations are properly maintained. Our primary trademarks include Beyond Meat, Beyond Burger, Beyond Beef,
         Beyond Sausage, Beyond Breakfast Sausage, Beyond Chicken, Beyond Fried Chicken, Beyond Meatball, the Caped
         Steer Logo, Go Beyond, Eat What You Love, Cookout Classic, The Future of Protein, and The Future of Protein Beyond
         Meat and design, and are registered or pending trademarks of Beyond Meat, Inc. in the United States and, in some cases,
         in certain other countries. Our trademarks are valuable assets that reinforce the distinctiveness of our brand to our
         consumers. We have applied for or have trademark registrations internationally as well. We believe the protection of our
         trademarks, copyrights, patents, domain names, trade dress and trade secrets are important to our success.

             We aggressively protect our intellectual property rights by relying on trademark, copyright, patent, trade dress and
         trade secret laws and through the domain name dispute resolution system. We maintain a registered domain website at
         www.beyondmeat.com, as well as foreign domains in certain countries.

             We believe our intellectual property has substantial value and has contributed significantly to our business. As of
         December 31, 2022, we had two issued patents in the United States and seven issued patents outside the United States
         (U.K., Indonesia, Canada, China, Chile, Israel and Australia), two pending patent applications in the United States, eight
         pending international patent applications and one provisional patent application.

             We consider the specifics of our marketing, promotions and products as a trade secret, and information we wish to
         keep confidential. In addition, we consider proprietary information related to formulas, processes, know-how and methods
         used in our production and manufacturing as trade secrets, and information we wish to keep confidential. We have taken
         reasonable measures to keep the above-mentioned items, as well as our business and marketing plans, customer lists
         and contracts reasonably protected, and they are accordingly not readily ascertainable by the public.

             Segments

             Operating segments are defined as components of an entity for which separate financial information is available and
         that is regularly reviewed by its chief operating decision maker (“CODM”), in deciding how to allocate resources to an
         individual segment and in assessing performance. Our CODM is our Chief Executive Officer. We have determined that we
         operate in one operating segment and one reportable segment, as our CODM reviews financial information presented on
         an aggregate basis for purposes of making operating decisions, allocating resources and evaluating financial performance.

             Government Regulation

             Along with our co-manufacturers, brokers, distributors and ingredients and packaging suppliers, we are subject to
         extensive laws and regulations in the United States by federal, state and local government authorities and in Canada, the
         European Union, the United Kingdom, China and other jurisdictions by foreign authorities. In


                                                                        12



32 sur 223                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




33 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         the United States, the primary federal agencies governing the manufacture, distribution, labeling and advertising of our
         products are the FDA and the FTC, and foreign regulatory authorities include Health Canada or the Canadian Food
         Inspection Agency (“CFIA”) and the authorities of the EU or the EU member states. Under various federal statutes and
         implementing regulations and foreign requirements, these agencies, among other things, prescribe the requirements and
         establish the standards for quality and safety and regulate our product composition, ingredients, manufacturing, labeling
         and other marketing and advertising to consumers. Among other things, the facilities in which our products and ingredients
         are manufactured must register with the FDA and any other relevant authorities based on location, comply with current
         good manufacturing practices, or cGMPs, and comply with a range of food safety requirements established by and
         implemented under the Food Safety Modernization Act of 2011 and applicable foreign food safety and manufacturing
         requirements. Federal, state, and foreign regulators have the authority to inspect our facilities to evaluate compliance with
         applicable requirements. Federal, state, and foreign regulatory authorities also require that certain nutrition and product
         information appear on our product labels and, more generally, that our labels and labeling be truthful and non-misleading
         and that our marketing and advertising be truthful, non-misleading and not deceptive to consumers. We are also restricted
         from making certain types of claims about our products, including for example, in the United States, nutrient content
         claims, health claims, and claims regarding the effects of our products on any structure or function of the body, whether
         express or implied, unless we satisfy certain regulatory requirements.

            In addition, the United States Congress recently considered (but did not pass) federal legislation, called the Real
         MEAT Act, that could require changes to our product labeling and marketing, including identifying products as “imitation”
         meat products.

              In addition to federal regulatory requirements in the United States, certain states impose their own manufacturing and
         labeling requirements. For example, every state in which our products are manufactured requires facility registration with
         the relevant state food safety agency, and those facilities are subject to state inspection as well as federal inspection.
         Further, states can impose state-specific labeling requirements. For example, in 2018, the state of Missouri passed a law
         that prohibits any person engaged in advertising, offering for sale, or sale of food products from misrepresenting products
         as meat that are not derived from harvested production livestock or poultry. The state of Missouri Department of
         Agriculture has clarified its interpretation that products which include prominent disclosure that the product is “made from
         plants,” or comparable disclosure such as through the use of the phrase “plant-based,” are not misrepresented under
         Missouri law. Additional states, including Arkansas, Georgia, Mississippi, Louisiana, Oklahoma, South Dakota and
         Wyoming, have subsequently passed similar laws, and legislation that would impose specific requirements on the naming
         of plant-based meat products is currently pending in a number of other states. We believe that our products are
         manufactured and labeled in material compliance with existing state requirements, including the 2018 Missouri law, and
         pay close attention to any developments at the state or federal level that could apply to our products and our labeling
         claims.

              We are also subject to the laws of Australia, Canada, Hong Kong, Israel, China, the European Union (and individual
         member countries) and the United Kingdom, among others, and requirements specific to those jurisdictions could impose
         additional manufacturing or labeling requirements or restrictions. For example, in Europe, the Agriculture Committee of the
         European Parliament proposed in May 2019 to reserve the use of “meat” and meat-related terms and names for products
         that are manufactured from the edible parts of animals. In October 2020, the European Parliament rejected the adoption of
         this provision. In the absence of European Union legislation, Member States remain free to establish national restrictions
         on meat-related names. In October 2021, France published a draft implementing decree (the “Decree”), to define, for
         example, the sanctions in case of non-compliance with the new law. The Decree was published on June 29, 2022, and
         entered into force on October 1, 2022. We do not believe that the Decree complies with the laws of the European Union, in
         particular the principle of free movement of goods. On July 27, 2022, at the request of a trade association, the French High
         Administrative Court partially suspended the execution of the Decree. This signals that there are indeed serious doubts as
         to the lawfulness of the Decree, though the suspension is only partial and temporary until the Court rules on the merits of
         the case. We also note that this prohibition has not been appropriately notified to the European Commission, and that as a
         result, the prohibition is, in principle, non-enforceable. In November 2021, Beyond Meat co-signed a letter from the
         European Alliance of Plant-Based


                                                                        13



34 sur 223                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




35 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                  https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         Foods protesting this law. In October 2021, the Turkish authorities challenged the use of the Caped Longhorn superhero
         logo, as well as the name “Beyond Meat,” alleging that the consumer is misled as to the characteristics of our products.
         The local distributor has made a submission that this is an unlawful restriction under the EU-Turkey Free Trade
         Agreement. In December 2021, the Turkish authorities rejected this submission, and held that references to “plant-based”
         in combination with “meat” would mislead the consumer. Beyond Meat is actively monitoring these developments, but if
         adopted, they may require it to change its labeling and advertising.

             We are subject to labor and employment laws, laws governing advertising, privacy laws, anti-corruption laws, safety
         regulations and other laws, including consumer protection regulations that regulate retailers or govern the promotion and
         sale of merchandise. Our operations, and those of our co-manufacturers, distributors and suppliers, are subject to various
         laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and worker health and safety matters. We monitor changes in
         these laws and believe that we are in material compliance with applicable laws. These laws and regulations are constantly
         evolving, and it is challenging to predict accurately the effect they may have upon the capital expenditures, earnings and
         our competitive position in the future.

             Corporate Information

             Beyond Meat, Inc. was incorporated in Delaware on April 8, 2011 originally under the name “J Green Natural Foods
         Co.” On October 5, 2011, we changed our corporate name to “Savage River, Inc.,” with “Beyond Meat” being our “doing
         business as” name. On September 7, 2018, we changed our corporate name to “Beyond Meat, Inc.”

             Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “BYND.”

             Emerging Growth Company Status

               Upon the completion of our IPO, we elected to be an Emerging Growth Company (“EGC”), as defined in the Jumpstart
         Our Business Startups Act. An EGC is defined as a company with total annual gross revenues of less than $1.07 billion
         during its most recently completed fiscal year. A company will retain its EGC status until the earlier of: (1) the last day of
         the fiscal year in which it exceeds $1.07 billion in annual gross revenues; (2) the last day of the fiscal year following the
         fifth anniversary of the date it first sold securities pursuant to an initial public offering registration statement; (3) the date on
         which the EGC has, within the previous three years, issued $1 billion of nonconvertible debt; or (4) the date it is deemed to
         be a large accelerated filer (an SEC registered company with a public float of at least $700 million).

             Effective December 31, 2020, we lost our EGC status and are now categorized as a Large Accelerated Filer based
         upon the current market capitalization of the Company according to Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
         amended (the “Exchange Act”). As a result, we must comply with all financial disclosure and governance requirements
         applicable to Large Accelerated Filers.

             Our Website and Availability of SEC Reports and Other Information

            The Company maintains a website at the following address: www.beyondmeat.com. The information on the
         Company's website is not incorporated by reference in this report or in any other report or document we file with the SEC,
         and any references to our website are intended to be inactive textual references only.

              We make available on or through our website certain reports and amendments to those reports we file with or furnish
         to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. These include our annual reports on Form 10-K, our
         quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and our current reports on Form 8-K. We make this information available on our website
         free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file the information with, or furnish it to, the SEC.
         The SEC also maintains a web site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
         regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The address of the site is http://www.sec.gov.




                                                                            14




36 sur 223                                                                                                                          4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




              Investors and others should note that Beyond Meat routinely announces material information to investors and the
         marketplace using SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts and the Beyond Meat Investor Relations
         website. We also intend to use certain social media channels as a means of disclosing information about us and our
         products to consumers, our customers, investors and the public (e.g., @BeyondMeat, #BeyondBurger and #GoBeyond on
         Facebook, Instagram and Twitter, and @BeyondMeatOfficial on TikTok). The information posted on social media channels
         is not incorporated by reference in this report or in any other report or document we file with the SEC. While not all of the
         information that the Company posts to the Beyond Meat Investor Relations website or to social media accounts is of a
         material nature, some information could be deemed to be material. Accordingly, the Company encourages investors, the
         media, and others interested in Beyond Meat to review the information that it shares at the “Investors” link located at the
         bottom of our webpage at https://investors.beyondmeat.com/investor-relations and to sign up for and regularly follow our
         social media accounts. Users may automatically receive email alerts and other information about the Company when
         enrolling an email address by visiting "Request Email Alerts" in the "Investors" section of Beyond Meat’s website
         at www.investors.beyondmeat.com/investor-relations.

         ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS.

         Risk Factor Summary

              We are providing the following summary of the risk factors contained in this report to enhance the readability and
         accessibility of our risk factor disclosures. We encourage you to carefully review the full risk factors immediately following
         this summary as well as the other information in this report, including the section titled “Management’s Discussion and
         Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” “Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,” and our
         consolidated financial statements and related notes, before deciding whether to invest in shares of our common stock. The
         risks and uncertainties described in this report may not be the only ones we face. If any of the risks actually occurs, our
         business, financial condition, operating results, cash flows and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In
         this case, the trading price of our common stock would likely decline and you might lose part or all of your investment in
         our common stock. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following:

             •   Risks Related to Our Business, such as, disruptions in the worldwide economy including an economic
                 recession, downturn, periods of inflation or economic uncertainty; risks associated with inflationary price pressures
                 including the effects of rising interest rates; reduced consumer confidence and changes in consumer spending and
                 negative trends in consumer purchasing patterns; factors negatively impacting demand in the plant-based meat
                 category; our history of losses and ability to achieve or sustain profitability, which could result in the contraction of
                 our business and the implementation of significant cost cutting measures; risks and uncertainties associated with
                 our cost-reduction initiatives, workforce reductions, executive leadership changes, realignment of reporting
                 structures, and the timing and success of achieving certain financial goals or cash flow positive targets; our ability
                 to streamline operations and improve cost efficiencies, which could result in the contraction of our business and
                 the implementation of significant cost cutting measures such as downsizing and exiting certain operations,
                 domestically and/or abroad; our ability to effectively expand or optimize our manufacturing operations and
                 accurately forecast demand for our products; our ability to utilize our capacity efficiently or accurately plan our
                 capacity requirements; our ability to sell our inventory in a timely manner which may require us to sell our products
                 through liquidation channels at lower prices, write-down or write-off obsolete inventory, or increase inventory
                 reserves; our ability to forecast future results of operations and financial goals or targets; our reliance on a limited
                 number of third-party suppliers and our ability to procure sufficient high quality raw materials; disruptions to our
                 supply chain; limited availability of pea protein that meets our standards; our limited number of distributors;
                 consolidation of customers, loss of a significant customer or our inability to acquire new customers; loss of one or
                 more of our co-manufacturers; damage or disruption at our manufacturing facilities and operational delays at our
                 new manufacturing facilities; delays with the build out of our new Campus Headquarters; difficulties expanding into
                 new markets; effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business; slow, declining or negative revenue growth
                 rates; revenue and earnings fluctuations; seasonal fluctuations; delays in



                                                                          15



37 sur 223                                                                                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




38 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




                 product delivery by third-party transportation providers; failure to retain our senior management and attract and
                 retain employees; use of professional employer organizations to employ certain of our international employees;
                 failure of recent and future acquisitions or investments to be efficiently integrated; scrutiny from our stakeholders,
                 institutional investors and governmental bodies on our environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) practices;
                 accounting estimate risks; and risks stemming from workplace accidents or safety incidents.

             •   Risks Related to Our Products, such as, incidents of food safety and food-borne illnesses or advertising or
                 product misbranding; reduction in sales of the Beyond Burger; changing consumer preferences; failure to
                 introduce new products or successfully improve existing products; our ability to accurately predict consumer taste
                 preferences and respond quickly to new trends; and ingredient and packaging costs volatility.

             •   Risks Related to Our Industry and Brand, such as, increased competition in our market and new market
                 entrants; harm to our brand or reputation due to real or perceived quality or health issues with our products; and
                 failure to develop and maintain our brand.

             •   Risks Related to Our International Operations, such as, business, regulatory, political, financial and economic
                 risks of doing business in China and Europe; foreign exchange rate fluctuations; and potential violations of the
                 FCPA and other anti-corruption laws.

             •   Risks Related to Our Investments, such as, our manufacturing operations in China and the Netherlands; our
                 ownership of real property; and participation in joint ventures.

             •   Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property, Information Technology, Cybersecurity and Privacy, such as, our
                 ability to adequately protect our proprietary technology and intellectual property; our reliance on information
                 technology systems; the occurrence of a cybersecurity incident or other technology disruptions or failure to comply
                 with the laws and regulations relating to privacy and the protection of individual data.

             •   Risks Related to Our Lease Obligations, Indebtedness, Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital,
                 such as, delays or cost overruns associated with the build out of our new Campus Headquarters and the impact of
                 workforce reductions or other cost-reduction initiatives on our space demands; failure to meet our significant lease
                 obligations or risks related to excess space capacity under our leases due to workforce reductions or other cost-
                 reduction initiatives; risks related to the Notes; inability to access restricted cash that collateralizes letters of credit;
                 and failure to obtain additional financing to achieve our goals.

             •   Risks Related to the Environment, Climate and Weather, such as, a major natural disaster or severe weather
                 event in areas where our facilities are located; and negative effects from climate change.

             •   Risks Related to Being a Public Company, such as, the effectiveness of our internal controls; limitations in our
                 internal control system resulting in undetected errors or fraud; and the increased costs associated with complying
                 with the requirements applicable to public companies.

             •   Risks Related to Regulatory and Legal Compliance Matters, Litigation and Legal Proceedings, such as,
                 FDA compliance; legal claims, government investigations and other regulatory enforcement actions; compliance
                 with international regulations; changes in existing laws or regulations or the adoption of new laws or regulations;
                 failure by our suppliers of raw materials or co-manufacturers to comply with food safety, environmental or other
                 laws or with the specifications and requirements of our products; and ongoing litigation or legal proceedings.

             •   General Risk Factors, such as, high volatility in our share price; reduction in our share price due to a substantial
                 number of sales; decline in our share price and trading volume due to adverse or misleading opinions by securities
                 or industry analysts regarding our business; no history of paying dividends or




                                                                            16




39 sur 223                                                                                                                          4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




                 plans to pay dividends to our stockholders in the foreseeable future; provisions included in our charter documents
                 to delay or prevent a change in control of our company; limitation of stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable
                 judicial forum for disputes due to the exclusive forum provision in our restated certificate of incorporation; and
                 limitation of our ability to utilize our federal net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards.

         Risk Factors

         Risks Related to Our Business

         Disruptions in the worldwide economy, including an economic recession, downturn, periods of inflation or
         economic uncertainty, have and may continue to adversely affect our business, results of operations and
         financial condition.

              The global economy can be negatively impacted by a variety of factors such as the spread or fear of spread of
         contagious diseases (such as the COVID-19 pandemic, other pandemics, epidemics or other public health crises) in
         locations where our products are sold, man-made or natural disasters, severe weather, actual or threatened hostilities or
         war, terrorist activity, political unrest, civil strife and other geopolitical uncertainty. Such adverse and uncertain economic
         conditions may impact distributor, retailer, foodservice and consumer demand for our products. For example, in connection
         with the war in Ukraine, governments in the U.S., U.K. and the EU have each imposed export controls on certain products
         and financial and economic sanctions on certain industry sectors and parties in Russia. The uncertainty resulting from the
         military conflict in Europe has given rise and may continue to give rise to increases in costs of goods and services, scarcity
         of certain ingredients, increased trade barriers or restrictions on global trade and may increase volatility in financial and
         capital markets, which may make it more difficult for us to raise additional capital. Further escalation of geopolitical
         tensions could have a broader impact that expands into other markets where we do business, which could adversely affect
         our business and/or our supply chain, our international subsidiaries, business partners or customers in the broader region,
         including potential destabilizing effects that such conflicts may pose for the European continent or the global oil and natural
         gas markets. In addition, our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our suppliers, co-manufacturers,
         distributors, retailers, foodservice customers, consumers and creditors may suffer.

             Starting in 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic had a significant impact on the worldwide economy and, in turn, our
         business, financial condition and results of operations. Although we expect the impacts of the pandemic, and the resulting
         effects on the economy, on us to continue to decline, we are likely to see certain prolonged effects. For example, certain of
         our QSR customers reduced their menu offerings in response to COVID-19, which negatively impacted plant-based food
         items. If those customers are slow to re-expand their menus, or choose not to put plant-based products back on their
         menus, our business could be adversely affected.

              As global economic conditions continue to be volatile or uncertain and recessionary or inflationary pressures exist,
         trends in consumer discretionary spending also remain unpredictable and subject to changes. We have seen consumers
         shift purchases to lower-priced or other perceived value offerings during economic downturns as a result of various factors,
         including job losses, inflation, higher taxes, reduced access to credit, change in federal economic policy and recent
         international trade disputes. In particular, consumers have reduced the amount of plant-based food products that they
         purchase where there are conventional animal-based protein offerings, which generally have lower retail prices. In
         addition, consumers may choose to purchase private label products rather than branded products because they are
         generally less expensive. A decrease in consumer discretionary spending may also result in consumers reducing the
         frequency and amount spent on food prepared away from home. Distributors, retailers and foodservice customers have
         become more conservative in response to these conditions and have sought to reduce their inventories. Our results of
         operations depend upon, among other things, our ability to maintain and increase sales volume with our existing
         distributors, retailer and foodservice customers, our ability to attract new consumers, the financial condition of our
         consumers and our ability to provide products that appeal to consumers at the right price. Decreases in demand for our
         products without a corresponding decrease in costs has put downward pressure on margins and has and may continue to
         negatively impact our financial results. Prolonged unfavorable economic



                                                                         17



40 sur 223                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




41 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         conditions or uncertainty would be expected to have an adverse effect on our sales and profitability and may result in
         consumers making long-lasting changes to their discretionary spending behavior on a more permanent basis.

         Inflationary price pressures of raw materials, labor, transportation, fuel or other inputs used by us and our
         suppliers, including the effects of rising interest rates, has negatively impacted, and could continue to negatively
         impact, our business and results of operations.

              Our operating environment has been impacted by inflation and rising interest rates. Increases in the price of raw
         materials, labor, wages, energy or other inputs that we or our suppliers use in manufacturing and supplying products,
         along with logistics, transportation, shipping, fuel and other related costs, has led to higher production and shipping costs
         for our products. Any increase in the cost of inputs to our production has led to higher costs for our products in our
         foodservice and retail channels and has negatively impacted and may continue to negatively impact our operating results
         and future profitability. General inflation, including rising energy prices, interest rates and wages, currency volatility and
         monetary, fiscal and policy interventions by national or regional governments in reaction to such events could continue to
         have negative impacts on our business by increasing our operating costs and our borrowing costs as well as decreasing
         the capital available for our customers to purchase our products. The United States Federal Reserve has raised its
         benchmark interest rate multiple times. Several other central banks, including the European Central Bank, have signaled
         increases in benchmark interest rates. Increased borrowing costs faced by our customers could result in decreased
         demand for our products. The impact of inflation could also reduce consumer confidence and decrease consumer
         discretionary spending, including spending to purchase our products, and negatively affect trends in consumer purchasing
         patterns due to changes in consumers’ disposable income, credit availability and debt levels. The impact of high inflation
         and the plant-based meat sector’s premium pricing relative to animal protein have caused and could continue to cause
         consumers to trade down into cheaper forms of protein, including animal meat.

         We have a history of losses, and we may be unable to achieve or sustain profitability.

              We have experienced net losses in almost every period since our inception. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, we incurred net
         losses of $366.1 million, $182.1 million and $52.8 million, respectively. Although we anticipate decreasing our operating
         expenses in 2023, over time our operating expenses and capital expenditures may increase as we hire additional
         employees; support our strategic and other QSR customer relationships; innovate and commercialize products; build our
         brand, expand our marketing channels and drive consumer adoption of our products; continue to invest to expand our
         production capacity through our own internal production facilities, domestically and abroad; build out our Campus
         Headquarters; increase our customer base, supplier network and co-manufacturing partners; scale production across
         distribution channels; pursue geographic expansion; and enhance our technology and production capabilities. These
         efforts may prove more expensive than we anticipate, and we may not succeed in increasing our revenues and margins
         sufficiently to offset the anticipated higher expenses. We incur significant expenses in developing our innovative products,
         building out our facilities, securing an adequate supply of raw materials, obtaining and storing ingredients and other
         products and marketing the products we offer. In addition, many of our expenses, including some of the costs associated
         with our existing and any future manufacturing facilities, are fixed. Accordingly, we may not be able to successfully
         implement our new sustainable growth strategy or achieve or sustain profitability, and we may incur significant losses for
         the foreseeable future.

         Our strategic initiatives to reduce our cost structure towards cash flow positive operations could have long-term
         adverse effects on our business, and we may not realize the operational or financial benefits from such actions.

             Our cost-reduction initiatives, expected charges and savings related to our recent workforce reductions and executive
         leadership changes, and the timing and success of achieving our cash flow positive targets are subject to many risks and
         uncertainties. The charges associated with the reduction-in-force and executive leadership changes may be greater than
         anticipated, completion of the reduction-in-force may take longer than anticipated, we may be unable to realize the
         contemplated benefits in connection with the workforce reduction, executive leadership changes and other potential cost-
         reduction initiatives, and the workforce reduction,



                                                                         18



42 sur 223                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




43 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         executive leadership changes and cost-reduction initiatives may have an adverse impact on our performance. Additionally,
         our ability to meet our cash flow positive targets is subject to a number of assumptions and uncertainties, including, without
         limitation, our ability to reduce costs and achieve positive gross margins; our ability to meet certain revenue and operating
         expense targets, which may be subject to factors beyond our control; and our ability to monetize inventory and manage
         working capital. The other risks described in this report may also hinder our ability to implement our strategic initiatives.

               As we continue to identify areas of cost savings and operating efficiencies, we may consider implementing further
         measures to help streamline operations and improve our cost efficiencies, including downsizing or exiting certain
         operations. However, our strategic growth initiatives may not be adequate to support the long-term operations of our
         business, particularly under adverse circumstances, Furthermore, we may not be successful in implementing these
         initiatives or realizing our anticipated savings and efficiencies, including as a result of factors beyond our control. In the
         event we have excess capacity or vacancy in any of our facilities or office spaces, we may sublease portions of the excess
         space to third parties and may be unable to sublease our excess space on favorable terms, or at all, or if we are able to
         sublease space but our subtenants fail to make lease payments to us or otherwise default on their obligations to us, we
         could incur substantial payment obligations to our landlords. If we are unable to realize the anticipated savings and
         efficiencies of our cost reduction initiatives and related strategic initiatives, our operating and financial results would be
         adversely affected and could differ materially from our expectations.

         Our inability to streamline operations and improve cost efficiencies could result in the contraction of our
         business and the implementation of significant cost cutting measures.

               We have undertaken efforts to streamline operations and improve cost efficiencies, including related to our supply
         chain, marketing and commercialization efforts. For example, on August 3, 2022 and October 14, 2022, we announced
         reductions-in-force affecting approximately 4% and 19%, respectively, of our global workforce. We may not realize, in full
         or in part, the anticipated benefits, savings and improvements in our operating results from these efforts due to unforeseen
         difficulties, delays or unexpected costs. If we are unable to realize the expected operational efficiencies and cost savings,
         our operating results and financial condition would be adversely affected. We also cannot guarantee that we will not have
         to undertake additional workforce reductions in the future. Furthermore, our workforce reductions may be disruptive to our
         operations. For example, our workforce reductions could yield unanticipated consequences, such as attrition beyond
         planned staff reductions, increased difficulties in our day-to-day operations and reduced employee morale. In addition,
         while positions have been eliminated, certain functions necessary to our reduced operations remain, and we may be
         unsuccessful in distributing the duties and obligations of departed employees among our remaining employees. We may
         also discover that the reductions in workforce and cost cutting measures will make it difficult for us to pursue new
         opportunities and initiatives and require us to hire qualified replacement personnel, which may require us to incur
         additional and unanticipated costs and expenses. Moreover, there is no assurance we will be successful in our efforts. Our
         failure to successfully accomplish any of the above activities and goals may have a material adverse impact on our
         business, financial condition, and results of operations.

         If we fail to effectively expand or optimize our manufacturing and production capacity, accurately forecast
         demand for our products or quickly respond to forecast changes, our business and operating results and our
         brand reputation could be harmed.

              If we do not have sufficient capacity to meet our customers’ demands and to satisfy increased demand, or are not able
         to streamline and optimize manufacturing capacity for specific products, we will need to expand our operations, supply and
         manufacturing capabilities. However, there is risk in our ability to effectively scale production processes, optimize
         manufacturing capacity for specific products and effectively manage our supply chain requirements. We must accurately
         forecast demand for each of our products and inventory needs in order to ensure we have adequate available
         manufacturing capacity for each such product and to ensure we are effectively managing our inventory. Our forecasts are
         based on multiple assumptions which may cause our estimates to be inaccurate and affect our ability to obtain adequate
         manufacturing capacity (whether our own manufacturing capacity or co-manufacturing capacity) and adequate inventory
         supply in order to meet the



                                                                         19



44 sur 223                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




45 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         demand for our products, which could prevent us from meeting increased customer demand and harm our brand and our
         business and in some cases may result in fines or indemnification obligations we must pay customers or distributors if we
         are unable to fulfill orders placed by them in a timely manner or at all.

             Consumer demand for plant-based meat products has recently cooled down. For example, in the fourth quarter of
         2022, all of our markets and channels were negatively impacted by softness in demand. If consumer demand for plant-
         based meats continues to decrease, or if any such decrease is prolonged, demand for our products by our customers may
         also decrease, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
         operations.

              Furthermore, if we do not accurately align our manufacturing capabilities and inventory supply with demand, if we
         experience disruptions or delays in our supply chain, or if we cannot obtain raw materials of sufficient quantity and quality
         at reasonable prices and in a timely manner, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially
         adversely affected.

         We may not be able to utilize our capacity efficiently or accurately plan our capacity requirements, which may
         adversely affect our gross margin, business and operating results.

            If we overestimate our demand and overbuild our capacity or inventory, we may have significantly underutilized assets.
         Underutilization of our manufacturing and/or co-manufacturing facilities can adversely affect our gross margin and other
         operating results. If demand for our products experiences a prolonged decrease, we may be required to terminate or make
         penalty-type payments under certain supply chain arrangements, close or idle facilities and write down our long-lived
         assets or shorten the useful lives of underutilized assets and accelerate depreciation, which would increase our expenses.

               If demand does not materialize at the rate forecasted, we may not be able to scale back our manufacturing expenses
         or overhead costs quickly enough to correspond to the lower than expected demand. This could result in lower margins
         and adversely impact our business and results of operations. Additionally, if product demand decreases or we fail to
         forecast demand accurately, our results may be adversely impacted due to higher costs resulting from lower manufacturing
         utilization, causing higher fixed costs per unit produced. Further, we may be required to recognize excess or obsolete
         inventory write-off charges, or excess capacity charges, which would have a negative impact on our results of operations.

         If we are unable to sell our inventory in a timely manner, it could become obsolete, which could require us to
         write-down or write-off obsolete inventory, which could harm our operating results.

              There is a risk that we may be unable to sell our inventory in a timely manner to avoid it becoming obsolete. If we are
         required to substantially discount our inventory or are unable to sell our inventory in a timely manner, we would be required
         to increase our inventory reserves or write off obsolete inventory and our operating results could be substantially harmed.
         Alternatively, we may be required to mark down certain products to sell any excess inventory or to sell such inventory
         through liquidation channels at significantly lower prices, which would negatively impact our business and operating
         results. In the year ended December 31, 2022, our net revenues were negatively impacted by strategic price reductions,
         and our gross profit was negatively impacted by higher inventory reserves, which increased costs per pound.

         Our ability to accurately forecast our future results of operations is subject to many risks and uncertainties and
         our operating and financial results could differ materially from our expectations.

             Our ability to accurately forecast our future results of operations is limited and subject to a number of risks and
         uncertainties. Our historical revenue growth should not be considered indicative of our future performance and our
         revenue growth could slow or our revenue could decline for a number of reasons, including slowing demand for our
         products, increasing competition from our market competitors and new market entrants, and a decrease in the growth of
         our overall market. In fact, net revenues in the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by $45.8 million, or 9.8%, as
         compared to the prior year. If we are unable to identify and execute cost-down initiatives intended to achieve price parity
         with animal protein, we may not be able to compete effectively in our market, demand for our products may continue to
         slow and could continue to adversely affect



                                                                         20



46 sur 223                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




47 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         our revenues and margins. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties and our future revenue growth are
         incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our operating and financial results could differ
         materially from our expectations, and our business could suffer.

             From time to time, we may release earnings guidance, financial goals or other forward-looking statements in our
         earnings releases, earnings conference calls or otherwise regarding our future performance that represent our
         management’s estimates as of the date of the release. Some or all of the assumptions of any future guidance or financial
         goals that we furnish may not materialize or may vary significantly from actual future results. For example, our ability to
         meet our cash flow positive targets is subject to a number of assumptions and uncertainties, including, without limitation,
         our ability to reduce costs and achieve positive gross margins; our ability to meet certain revenue and operating expense
         targets, which may be subject to factors beyond our control; and our ability to monetize inventory and manage working
         capital.

         We estimate market opportunity and forecast market growth that may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the
         market in which we compete achieves the forecasted growth, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, if at
         all.

             Our estimates of market opportunity and growth forecasts are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on
         assumptions and estimates that may prove to be inaccurate. The factors that go into the calculation of our market
         opportunity are subject to change over time and may be variable or inaccurate and may be affected by increasing
         competition from our market competitors and new market entrants. Any expansion in our market depends on a number of
         factors, including the cost and perceived value associated with our product and those of our competitors. Even if the
         market in which we compete meets the size estimates and growth forecast, our business could fail to grow at the rate we
         anticipate, if at all. Our growth is subject to many factors, including our success in implementing our business strategy,
         which is subject to many risks and uncertainties.

         Because we rely on a limited number of third-party suppliers, we may not be able to obtain raw materials on a
         timely basis or in sufficient quantities at competitive prices to produce our products or meet the demand for our
         products.

              We rely on a limited number of vendors, a portion of which are located internationally, to supply us with raw materials.
         Our financial performance depends in large part on our ability to arrange for the purchase of raw materials in sufficient
         quantities at competitive prices. We have entered into a multi-year sales agreement for plant-based protein with one of our
         pea protein suppliers pursuant to which we are required to purchase specified minimum monthly and semi-annual
         quantities through the term. In addition, we have entered into a supply agreement with another supplier pursuant to which
         we obtain pea protein on a purchase order basis and have the right to cancel purchase orders if we provide timely written
         notice. The amount purchased in each quarter of 2023 is mutually agreed upon by us and the supplier prior to each
         quarter and becomes a binding quarterly commitment upon such agreement. Other than pursuant to these agreements,
         we are not assured of continued supply or pricing of raw materials. Any of our other suppliers could discontinue or seek to
         alter their relationship with us. We have in the past experienced interruptions in the supply of pea protein from one supplier
         that resulted in delays in delivery to us. We could experience similar delays in the future from any of our suppliers. Any
         disruption in the supply of pea protein or other raw materials would have a material adverse effect on our business if we
         cannot replace these suppliers in a timely manner, on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.

              In addition, our pea protein suppliers manufacture their products at a limited number of facilities. A natural disaster,
         severe weather, fire, power interruption, work stoppage or other calamity affecting any of these facilities, or any interruption
         in their operations, could negatively impact our ability to obtain required quantities of pea protein in a timely manner, or at
         all, which could materially reduce our product sales and net revenues, and have a material adverse effect on our business
         and financial condition.

             Events that adversely affect our suppliers of pea protein and other raw materials could impair our ability to obtain raw
         material inventory in the quantities at competitive prices that we desire. Such events include problems with our suppliers’
         businesses, finances, labor relations and/or shortages, strikes or other labor

                                                                         21



48 sur 223                                                                                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




49 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         unrest, ability to import raw materials, product quality issues, costs, production, insurance and reputation, as well as local
         economic and political conditions, restrictive U.S. and foreign governmental actions, such as restrictions on transfers of
         funds and trade protection measures, including export/import duties and quotas and customs duties and tariffs, adverse
         fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, changes in legal or regulatory requirements, border closures, disease
         outbreaks or pandemics (such as COVID-19), acts of war, terrorism, natural disasters, fires, earthquakes, flooding, severe
         weather, agricultural diseases or other catastrophic occurrences. We continuously seek alternative sources of protein to
         use in our products, but we may not be successful in diversifying the raw materials we use in our products.

             If we need to replace an existing supplier, there can be no assurance that supplies of raw materials will be available
         when required on acceptable terms, or at all, or that a new supplier would allocate sufficient capacity to us in order to meet
         our requirements, fill our orders in a timely manner or meet our strict quality standards. If we are unable to manage our
         supply chain effectively and ensure that our products are available to meet consumer demand, we may not be able to fulfill
         customer orders, our operating costs could increase and our profit margins could decrease.

         Disruptions of our supply chain could have a material adverse effect on our operating and financial results.

              Our ability to make, move and sell products in coordination with our suppliers, third party contract manufacturers and
         distributors is critical to our success. Damage or disruption to our collective supply, manufacturing or distribution
         capabilities resulting from severe weather, fires or evacuations related thereto, natural disasters, including climate-related
         events, pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic) or other outbreaks of contagious diseases, agricultural diseases,
         cyber incidents, terrorism, governmental restrictions or mandates, political instability, trade restrictions, import restrictions,
         border closures, freight carrier availability, labor shortages, strikes or other labor unrest, the financial or operational
         instability of key suppliers and carriers, repairs or enhancements at facilities manufacturing or delivering our products or
         other reasons could impair our ability to source inputs or manufacture, sell or timely deliver our products. To the extent we
         are unable to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events, there could be a material adverse effect on our
         operating and financial results.

             Additionally, there are increasing expectations in various jurisdictions that companies monitor the environmental and
         social performance of their suppliers, including compliance with a variety of labor practices, as well as consider a wider
         range of potential environmental and social matters, including the end of life considerations for products. Compliance can
         be costly, require us to establish or augment programs to diligence or monitor our suppliers, or, in the case of legislation
         such as the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act, to design supply chains to avoid certain suppliers or regions altogether.
         Failure to comply with such regulations can result in fines, reputational damage, import ineligibility for certain products or
         raw materials, or otherwise adversely impact our business.

         Our future business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by reduced or limited
         availability of plant-based protein that meets our standards.

               Our ability to ensure a continuing supply of ingredients at competitive prices depends on many factors beyond our
         control, such as the number and size of farms that grow certain crops such as Canadian, European and North American
         yellow peas, the vagaries of these farming businesses (including poor harvests impacting the quality of the peas grown),
         changes in national and world economic conditions, including as a result of COVID-19 or the outbreak of hostilities or war,
         tariffs and our ability to forecast our ingredient requirements. The high-quality ingredients used in many of our products are
         vulnerable to adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, such as floods, droughts, frosts, earthquakes, hurricanes
         and pestilence. Adverse weather conditions and natural disasters can lower crop yields and reduce crop size and quality,
         which in turn could reduce the available supply of, or increase the price of, quality ingredients. In addition, we purchase
         some ingredients and other materials offshore, and the price and availability of such ingredients and materials may be
         affected by political events or other conditions in these countries or tariffs, trade wars or the outbreak of hostilities or war.
         We also compete with other food producers in the procurement of ingredients, and this competition may




                                                                           22




50 sur 223                                                                                                                        4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         increase in the future if consumer demand for plant-based meat products increases. If supplies of quality ingredients are
         reduced or there is greater demand for such ingredients from us and others, we may not be able to obtain sufficient supply
         that meets our strict quality standards on favorable terms, or at all, which could impact our ability to supply products and
         may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

         We rely on a limited number of distributors, and if we experience the loss of one or more distributors and cannot
         replace them in a timely manner, our results of operations may be adversely affected.

             Many retailers and foodservice providers purchase our products through distributors who purchase, store, sell, and
         deliver our products to such retailers and foodservice providers. For 2022, DOT accounted for 12% of our gross revenues.
         For 2021, DOT and Zandbergen WFM accounted for approximately 12% and 11% of our gross revenues, respectively.
         Since these distributors act as intermediaries between us and the retailers and foodservice providers, we do not have
         short-term or long-term commitments or minimum purchase volumes in our contracts with them that ensure future sales of
         our products. If we lose one or more of our distributors and cannot replace the distributor in a timely manner or at all, our
         business, results of operation and financial condition may be materially adversely affected.

         If we fail to cost-effectively acquire new customers or retain our existing customers, or if we fail to derive revenue
         from our existing customers consistent with our historical performance, our business could be materially
         adversely affected.

             Our success, and our ability to increase revenues and operate profitably, depends in part on our ability to cost-
         effectively acquire new customers, to retain existing customers, and to keep existing customers engaged so that they
         continue to purchase products from us. We intend to continue to expand our number of foodservice customers, both in the
         United States and internationally, as part of our growth strategy. This may require us to provide marketing and other
         financial incentives to our customers to assist in the promotion of our products. Such additional incentives could have a
         negative impact on gross margin and may not necessarily result in increased sales. In addition, new national foodservice
         customers will often initially add certain of our product offerings to their menus at limited locations and/or on a limited test
         basis, after which time these customers may choose to no longer offer our products or may ultimately scale back
         subsequent expansions. If we fail to attract and retain new foodservice customers, or retain our existing foodservice
         customers, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In addition,
         timing of retail shelf resets are not within our control, and to the extent that retail customers change the timing of such
         events, reduce our in store-displays or are not able to restock our products effectively, sales of our products may be
         impaired and negatively impact our revenues.

             Further, if customers do not perceive our product offerings to be of sufficient value and quality, or if we fail to offer new
         and relevant product offerings at a competitive price, we may not be able to attract or retain customers or engage existing
         customers so that they continue to purchase products from us. We may lose customers to our competitors if they offer
         superior products to ours, if we are unable to compete on the basis of value and taste, if we are unable to meet customers’
         orders in a timely manner, or if we are unable to identify and execute cost-down initiatives intended to achieve price parity
         with animal protein. The loss of any large customer or the reduction of purchasing levels or the cancellation of business
         from such customers could have a material adverse impact on our business.

         Consolidation of customers or the loss of a significant customer could negatively impact our sales and
         profitability.

             Supermarkets in North America and the European Union continue to consolidate. This consolidation has produced
         larger, more sophisticated organizations with increased negotiating and buying power that are able to resist price
         increases, as well as operate with lower inventories, decrease the number of brands that they carry and increase their
         emphasis on private label products, all of which could negatively impact our business. The consolidation of retail
         customers also increases the risk that a significant adverse impact on their business could have a corresponding material
         adverse impact on our business.



                                                                          23



51 sur 223                                                                                                                       4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




52 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




             The loss of any large customer, the reduction of purchasing levels or the cancellation of any business from a large
         customer for an extended length of time could negatively impact our sales and profitability. For example, in 2022, the year-
         over-year decrease in our U.S. foodservice channel net revenues was driven primarily by sales to a large QSR customer in
         the year-ago period that did not repeat in the fourth quarter of 2022.

             Furthermore, as retailers consolidate, they may reduce the number of branded products they offer in order to
         accommodate private label products and generate more competitive terms from branded suppliers competing for limited
         retailer shelf space. Consequently, our financial results may fluctuate significantly from period to period based on the
         actions of one or more significant retailers. A retailer may take actions that affect us for reasons that we cannot always
         anticipate or control, such as their financial condition, changes in their business strategy or operations, the introduction of
         competing products, pricing and promotions, shelf reset timing and activity, reduced in store-displays, timing of product
         restocking or the perceived quality of our products. Despite operating in different channels, our retailers sometimes
         compete for the same consumers as our foodservice channel. Because of actual or perceived conflicts resulting from this
         competition, retailers may take actions that negatively affect us.

         Loss of one or more of our co-manufacturers or our failure to timely identify and establish relationships with new
         co-manufacturers could harm our business and impede our growth.

             A significant amount of our revenue is derived from products manufactured at manufacturing facilities owned and
         operated by our co-manufacturers, a portion of which are located internationally. Any of the co-manufacturers with whom
         we do not have a written contract could seek to alter or terminate its relationship with us at any time, leaving us with
         periods during which we have limited or no ability to manufacture our products. If we need to replace a co-manufacturer,
         there can be no assurance that additional capacity will be available when required on acceptable terms, or at all.

             An interruption in, or the loss of operations at, one or more of our co-manufacturing facilities, which may be caused by
         work stoppages, labor shortages, strikes or other labor unrest, production disruptions, product quality issues, local
         economic and political conditions, restrictive governmental actions, border closures, disease outbreaks or pandemics
         (such as COVID-19), the outbreak of hostilities, acts of war, terrorism, fire, earthquakes, severe weather, flooding or other
         natural disasters at one or more of these facilities, could delay, postpone or reduce production of some of our products,
         which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition until such time as
         such interruption is resolved or an alternate source of production is secured.

             We believe there are a limited number of competent, high-quality co-manufacturers in the industry that meet our strict
         quality and control standards, and as we seek to continue to obtain additional or alternative co-manufacturing
         arrangements in the future, there can be no assurance that we would be able to do so on satisfactory terms, in a timely
         manner, or at all. Additionally, as we expand our operations internationally, we will need to develop relationships with co-
         manufacturers overseas to meet sales demand, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully do so.
         Therefore, the loss of one or more co-manufacturers, any disruption or delay at a co-manufacturer or any failure to identify
         and engage co-manufacturers for new products, product extensions and expanded operations could delay, postpone or
         reduce production of our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
         financial condition.

         Any damage or disruption at our domestic or international manufacturing facilities may harm our business.

             We have manufacturing facilities in the United States, China and the Netherlands to produce our woven proteins and
         our finished goods. A natural disaster, severe weather, fire, power interruption, work stoppage, labor shortages, strikes or
         other labor unrest, border closures, restrictive governmental actions, outbreaks of pandemics or contagious diseases
         (such as COVID-19) or other calamity at any of these facilities would significantly disrupt our ability to deliver our products
         and operate our business. If any material amount of our machinery or inventory were damaged, we would be unable to
         meet our contractual obligations and cannot




                                                                          24



53 sur 223                                                                                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




54 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         predict when, if at all, we could replace or repair such machinery, which could materially adversely affect our business,
         financial condition and operating results.

         Our business could be adversely affected by a workplace accident or safety incident.

              Our manufacturing processes and related activities could expose us to significant personal injury claims that could
         subject us to substantial liability. Specifically, our inability to anticipate or preempt potential workplace hazards, create safe
         working environments or timely adapt to changing requirements around maintaining a safe workplace could result in
         employee illness, accidents or other safety incidents. A failure to properly train our employees regarding, or respond
         appropriately and in a timely manner to, any such illness, accident or safety incident could have a material adverse effect
         on our business, financial condition, results of operation and reputation. While we maintain liability insurance in amounts
         and of the type generally consistent with industry practice, the amount of such coverage may not be adequate to cover
         fully all claims, and we may be forced to bear substantial losses from an accident or safety incident resulting from our
         manufacturing activities.

         We may not successfully ramp up operations at our facilities or these facilities may not operate in accordance
         with our expectations. Moreover, we face competition for employees and may be unable to hire and retain
         employees at these facilities.

              Since June 2018, we have acquired facilities by purchase or lease in the United States, China and the Netherlands.
         Any substantial delay in bringing these facilities up to full production on our current schedule may hinder our ability to
         produce all of the product needed to meet orders and/or achieve our expected financial performance. Opening these
         facilities has required, and will continue to require, additional capital expenditures and the efforts and attention of our
         management and other personnel, which has and will continue to divert resources from our existing business or
         operations. These efforts may prove more expensive than we anticipate, and we may not succeed in increasing our
         revenues and margins sufficiently to offset the anticipated higher expenses. Additionally, our inability to hire and retain
         skilled employees at these facilities will severely hamper our expansion plans, product development and manufacturing
         efforts. The unemployment rate in the Columbia, Missouri market was 2.8% as of December 2022 and labor market
         conditions remain relatively tight. As a result, we currently rely on temporary workers in addition to full-time employees,
         and in the future, we may be unable to attract and retain employees with the skills we require, which could impact our
         ability to expand our operations. Even if our facilities are brought up to full production according to our current schedule, it
         may not provide us with all of the operational and financial benefits we expect to receive.

              Our facilities and the manufacturing equipment we use to produce our products is costly to replace or repair and may
         require substantial lead-time to do so. For example, our estimate of throughput or our extrusion capacity may be impacted
         by disruption from extruder lead-in time, calibration, maintenance and unexpected delays. In addition, our ability to procure
         new extruders may face more lengthy lead times than is typical. We may also not be able to find suitable alternatives with
         co-manufacturers to replace the output from such equipment on a timely basis and at a reasonable cost. In the future, we
         may also experience plant shutdowns or periods of reduced production because of regulatory issues, equipment failure,
         delays in raw material deliveries or other adverse events. Any such disruption or unanticipated event may cause significant
         interruptions or delays in our business and the reduction or loss of inventory may render us unable to fulfill customer
         orders in a timely manner, or at all. We have property and business disruption insurance in place for all of our
         manufacturing facilities; however, such insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all of our potential losses and
         may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all.




                                                                           25




55 sur 223                                                                                                                        4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         We may face difficulties as we expand our operations in other countries, including into those in which we have no
         prior operating experience.

              We intend to continue to expand our global footprint and enter into new markets. International operations involve a
         number of risks, including labor shortages, strikes or other labor unrest, border closures, restrictive governmental actions,
         foreign regulatory compliance, tariffs, taxes and exchange controls, economic downturns, inflation, foreign currency
         fluctuations and political and social instability in the countries in which we operate. Expansion may involve expanding into
         countries other than those in which we currently operate. It may also involve expanding into less developed countries,
         which may have less political, social or economic stability and less developed infrastructure and legal systems. In addition,
         it may be difficult for us to understand and accurately predict taste preferences and purchasing habits of consumers in
         these new geographic markets. It is costly to establish, develop and maintain international operations and develop and
         promote our brands in international markets. As we expand our business into other countries, we may encounter
         regulatory, legal, personnel, technological and other difficulties that increase our expenses and/or delay our ability to
         become profitable in such countries, which may have a material adverse effect on our business and brand.

         Our revenue growth rate has fluctuated in recent periods and may continue to slow or decline in the future.

             We experienced significant revenue growth in prior periods. However, our revenue growth and revenues have slowed
         or declined, with periods of negative growth, and may continue to slow or decline in future periods due to a number of
         potential factors, including without limitation, macroeconomic issues including inflation and rising interest rates, increasing
         concerns about the likelihood of a recession, and potential impacts on consumer and customer behavior, and demand
         levels, increasing competition, market saturation, slowing demand for our offerings, increasing regulatory costs and
         challenges, failure to capitalize on growth opportunities and the long-term effects of the COVID-19 pandemic.

         Our revenues and earnings may fluctuate as a result of our promotional activities.

             We routinely offer sales discounts and promotions through various programs to customers and consumers which may
         result in reduced margins. These programs include rebates, temporary on-shelf price reductions, off-invoice discounts,
         retailer advertisements, product coupons and other trade activities. We anticipate that we will need to continue to offer
         more trade and promotion discounts to both our retail and foodservice customers, to drive increased consumer trial and in
         response to changing consumer behavior and increased competition. We expect to face increasing competition across all
         channels, especially as additional plant-based meat product brands continue to enter the marketplace. In response, we
         anticipate providing heavier discounting and promotions on some of our products. Although these actions are intended to
         build brand awareness and increase consumer trials of our products, they have had and are likely to continue to have a
         negative impact on our net revenues, gross profit, gross margin and profitability, impacting period-over-period results.

         Fluctuations in our results of operations for our second and third quarters may impact, and may have a
         disproportionate effect on our overall financial condition and results of operations.

             Our business is subject to seasonal fluctuations that may have a disproportionate effect on our results of operations.
         Generally, we expect to experience greater demand for certain of our products during the summer grilling season. We
         continue to see additional seasonality effects, especially within our retail channel, with revenue contribution from this
         channel tending to be greater in the second and third quarters of the year, along with increased levels of purchasing by
         customers ahead of holidays, the impact of customer shelf reset activity and the timing of product restocking by our retail
         customers. Any factors that harm our second and third quarter operating results, including disruptions in our supply chain,
         adverse weather or unfavorable economic conditions, may have a disproportionate effect on our results of operations for
         the entire year. In an environment of recessionary and inflationary pressures, general softness in the plant-based category,
         competition and other factors impacting our business, including uncertainty around the long-term impacts of COVID-19, we
         are unable to assess the ultimate impact on the demand for our products as a result of seasonality.




                                                                          26




56 sur 223                                                                                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         Historical results are not indicative of future results.

             Historical quarter-to-quarter and period-over-period comparisons of our sales and operating results are not necessarily
         indicative of future quarter-to-quarter and period-over-period results. You should not rely on the results of a single quarter
         or period as an indication of our annual results or our future performance.

         Failure by our transportation providers to deliver our products on time, or at all, could result in lost sales.

               We currently rely upon third-party transportation providers for a significant portion of our product shipments. Our
         utilization of delivery services for shipments is subject to risks, including increases in fuel prices, which would increase our
         shipping costs, employee strikes, disease outbreaks or pandemics (such as COVID-19) and inclement weather, which may
         impact the ability of providers to provide delivery services that adequately meet our shipping needs, if at all. We
         periodically change shipping companies, and we could face logistical difficulties that could adversely affect deliveries. In
         addition, we could incur costs and expend resources in connection with such change. Moreover, we may not be able to
         obtain terms as favorable as those we receive from the third-party transportation providers that we currently use, which in
         turn would increase our costs and thereby adversely affect our operating results.

         We have undergone, and may continue to experience, changes to our executive leadership team and senior
         management, and if we are unable to integrate new members of our executive leadership team or senior
         management, or if we fail to retain members of our executive leadership team and senior management, our
         business and operations may be adversely affected.

              Our success is substantially dependent on the continued service of certain members of our senior management,
         including Ethan Brown, our Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer. These executives have been primarily
         responsible for determining the strategic direction of our business and for executing our growth strategy and are integral to
         our brand, culture and the reputation we enjoy with suppliers, co-manufacturers, distributors, customers and consumers.
         The loss of the services of any of these executives could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects, as
         we may not be able to find suitable individuals to replace them on a timely basis, if at all. In addition, any such departure
         could be viewed in a negative light by investors and analysts, which may cause the price of our common stock to decline.
         We do not currently carry key-person life insurance for our senior executives.

              From time to time, there may be changes in our executive leadership team and senior management as a result of the
         hiring, departure or realignment of key personnel, and such changes may impact our business. In 2021 and 2022, we have
         had several changes to our executive leadership team and senior management, including as a result of organizational
         changes based on cost-reduction initiatives. Any significant leadership change or senior management transition involves
         inherent risk and any failure to ensure the timely and suitable replacement and a smooth transition could hinder our
         strategic planning, business execution and future performance. In particular, these or any future leadership transitions may
         result in a loss of personnel with deep institutional or technical knowledge and changes in business strategy or objectives
         and have the potential to disrupt our operations and relationships with employees and customers due to added costs,
         operational inefficiencies, changes in strategy, decreased employee morale and productivity, and increased turnover. If we
         are unable to successfully integrate new executive leadership team members and senior management, our operations
         may be adversely affected and we may not be able to achieve our operating objectives.

         If we are unable to attract, train and retain employees or maintain our company culture, we may not be able to
         grow or successfully operate our business.

             Our success depends in part upon our ability to attract, train and retain a sufficient number of employees who
         understand and appreciate our culture and can represent our brand effectively and establish credibility with our business
         partners and consumers. We believe a critical component of our success has been our company culture and long-standing
         core values. We have invested substantial time and resources in building our team. If we are unable to hire and retain
         employees capable of meeting our business needs and expectations, or if we



                                                                         27



57 sur 223                                                                                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




58 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         fail to preserve our company culture among a larger number of employees dispersed in various geographic regions, our
         business and brand image may be impaired. Any failure to meet our staffing needs or any material increase in turnover
         rates of our employees or key personnel changes may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial
         condition.

              Furthermore, in 2022, we implemented two reductions in force, which together impacted 19% of our global workforce.
         Although we believe these reductions will be an important part of the success of our cost-reduction initiatives, they may
         adversely affect employee morale, our culture and our ability to attract and retain critical employees. They may also
         negatively impact our ability to pursue new initiatives due to insufficient resources and personnel. We may be unsuccessful
         in distributing duties and obligations of impacted employees among the remaining employees. We also may not realize the
         anticipated benefits and cost savings and may suffer unintended consequences, such as the loss of institutional
         knowledge, higher than expected employee turnover and significant disruptions in our day-to-day operations. If we are
         unable to realize the expected operational efficiencies or cost savings from the reductions in force, or if we experience
         significant adverse consequences as a result, our business, financial conditions and results of operations may be
         adversely affected.

         Some of our international employees are employed by professional employer organizations.

             Prior to January 1, 2022, we contracted with a professional employer organization, or U.S. PEO, that administered our
         human resources, payroll and employee benefits functions for our employees in the United States. Effective as of January
         1, 2022, such human resources, payroll and employee benefits functions are no longer performed by the U.S. PEO. We
         continue to contract with non-U.S. PEOs to perform the same functions as the U.S. PEO for the majority of our employees
         outside the United States. Although we recruit and select our workers, each of these workers is also an employee of
         record of the relevant non-U.S. PEO. As a result, these workers are compensated through the relevant PEO, are governed
         by the work policies created by the relevant PEO and receive their annual wage statements and other payroll or labor
         related reports from the relevant PEO (e.g., T-4s for employees in Canada). This relationship permits management to
         focus on operations and profitability rather than payroll administration, but this relationship also exposes us to some risks.
         Among other risks, if any of the non-U.S. PEOs fail to adequately withhold or pay employer taxes or to comply with
         applicable laws, we may be held liable for such violations notwithstanding any indemnification provisions with the non-U.S.
         PEOs. In certain non-U.S. jurisdictions, the worker may be deemed a direct employee and the potential liability for any
         non-compliance with applicable laws increases depending on whether a company has an entity or other corporate
         presence in the country, among other factors set forth under applicable local laws.

             Court and administrative proceedings related to matters of employment tax, labor law and other laws applicable to
         PEO arrangements could distract management from our business and cause us to incur significant expense. If we were
         held liable for violations by PEOs, such amounts may adversely affect our profitability and could negatively affect our
         business and results of operations.

         We depend on a limited number of third party service providers for the performance of several of our business
         operations, including payroll and human capital management services.

              If any of these third party providers were to experience significant interruptions in their business operations, terminate
         their agreements with the company, or fail to perform the services required under the terms of the company’s contracts
         with them, its own processing could be materially and adversely affected for an indefinite period of time. There can be no
         assurance that the company would be able to locate alternative providers of such services, or that it could do so at
         economical rates.

         Future acquisitions or investments could disrupt our business and harm our financial condition.

             In the future, we may pursue acquisitions or investments that we believe will help us achieve our strategic objectives.
         We may not be able to find suitable acquisition candidates, and even if we do, we may not be able to complete
         acquisitions on favorable terms, if at all. If we do complete acquisitions, we may not ultimately achieve our goals or realize
         the anticipated benefits. The pursuit of acquisitions and any integration process will require significant time and resources
         and could divert management time and focus from operation of our then-existing

                                                                          28


59 sur 223                                                                                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




60 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         business, and we may not be able to manage the process successfully. Any acquisitions we complete could be viewed
         negatively by our customers or consumers. An acquisition, investment or business relationship may result in unforeseen
         operating difficulties and expenditures, including disrupting our ongoing operations and subjecting us to additional
         liabilities, increasing our expenses, and adversely impacting our business, financial condition and operating results.
         Moreover, we may be exposed to unknown liabilities related to the acquired company or product, and the anticipated
         benefits of any acquisition, investment or business relationship may not be realized if, for example, we fail to successfully
         integrate such acquisition into our company. To pay for any such acquisitions, we would have to use cash, incur debt, or
         issue debt or equity securities, each of which may affect our financial condition or the value of our common stock and
         could result in dilution to our stockholders. If we incur more debt it would result in increased fixed obligations and could
         also subject us to covenants or other restrictions that would impede our ability to manage our operations. Our acquisition
         strategy could require significant management attention, disrupt our business and harm our business, financial condition
         and results of operations.

         Our business and reputation could be negatively impacted by the increased scrutiny from our stakeholders and
         institutional investors on ESG practices.

             There is an increased focus from a variety of stakeholders on corporate ESG practices, including climate change and
         related ESG disclosure requirements. Expectations regarding voluntary ESG initiatives and disclosures may result in
         increased costs (including but not limited to increased costs related to compliance, stakeholder engagement, contracting
         and insurance), changes in demand for certain products, enhanced compliance or disclosure obligations, or other adverse
         impacts to our business, financial condition, or results of operations.

              While we may at times engage in voluntary initiatives (such as voluntary disclosures, certifications, or goals, among
         others) to improve the ESG profile of our company and/or products, such initiatives or achievements of such commitments
         may be costly and may not have the desired effect. Expectations around the Company’s management of ESG matters
         continues to evolve rapidly, in many instances due to factors that are out of our control. For example, we may not
         ultimately be able to complete certain goals or initiatives, either on the timelines originally anticipated or at all, due to
         technical, cost, or other factors, which may be in or out of our control. Moreover, actions or statements that we may take
         based on based on expectations, assumptions, or third-party information that we currently believe to be reasonable may
         subsequently be determined to be erroneous or be subject to misinterpretation. Even if this is not the case, our current
         actions may subsequently be determined to be insufficient by various stakeholders, and we may be subject to investor or
         regulator engagement on our ESG initiatives and disclosures, even if such initiatives are currently voluntary.

             Certain market participants, including stockholders and other capital providers, use third-party benchmarks or scores
         to measure a company’s ESG practices and decide whether to invest in their common stock or engage with them to
         require changes to their practices. In addition, certain influential institutional investors are also increasing their focus on
         ESG practices and are placing importance on the implications and social cost of their investments. If our ESG practices do
         not meet the standards set by these stockholders, they may choose not to invest in our common stock or if our peer
         companies outperform us in their ESG initiatives, potential or current investors may elect to invest with our competitors
         instead. Increasing governmental and societal attention to ESG matters, including expanding mandatory and voluntary
         reporting, diligence and disclosure on topics such as climate change, human capital, labor and risk oversight, could also
         expand the nature, scope and complexity of matters that we are required to control, assess and report. For example, to the
         extent ESG matters negatively impact our reputation, it may also impede our ability to compete as effectively to attract and
         retain employees, customers, or business partners, which may adversely impact our operations. We may be especially
         subject to scrutiny on such matters given efforts to portray our operations and products as a more sustainable and
         conscientious alternative to certain competitor products. As another example, the SEC has proposed rules that would
         require companies to provide significantly expanded climate-related disclosures in their periodic reporting, which may
         require us to incur significant additional costs to comply, including the implementation of significant additional internal
         controls processes and procedures regarding matters that have not been subject to such controls in the past, and impose
         increased oversight obligations on our management



                                                                         29



61 sur 223                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




62 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         and board of directors. These and other regulations, disclosure-related and otherwise, may increase our costs as well as
         increase scrutiny regarding our ESG efforts, which may enhance the risks discussed in this risk factor. If we do not comply
         with investor or stockholder expectations and standards in connection with our ESG initiatives, are perceived to have not
         responded appropriately to address ESG issues within our company, or fail to adapt to or comply with all laws, regulations,
         policies and related interpretations, our business and reputation could be negatively impacted and our share price and
         access to/cost of capital could be materially and adversely affected. Additionally, many of our customers and suppliers may
         be subject to similar expectations, which may augment or create additional risks, including risks that may not be known to
         us.

         The Company is subject to accounting estimate risks.

             The preparation of the Company’s consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting
         principles requires management to make significant estimates that affect the financial statements. Estimates are made at
         specific points in time and based on facts, historical experience and various other factors believed to be reasonable under
         the circumstances at such time. If actual results differ from our judgments and assumptions, then it may have an adverse
         impact on the results of our operations and cash flows.

         Risks Related to Our Products

         Food safety and food-borne illness incidents may materially adversely affect our business by exposing us to
         lawsuits, product recalls or regulatory enforcement actions, increasing our operating costs and reducing demand
         for our product offerings.

              Selling food for human consumption involves inherent legal and other risks, and there is increasing governmental
         scrutiny of and public awareness regarding food safety. Unexpected side effects, illness, injury or death related to
         allergens, food-borne illnesses or other food safety incidents caused by products we sell, or involving our suppliers or co-
         manufacturers, could result in the discontinuance of sales of these products or our relationships with such suppliers or co-
         manufacturers, or otherwise result in increased operating costs, regulatory enforcement actions or harm to our reputation.
         Shipment of adulterated or misbranded products, even if inadvertent, can result in criminal or civil liability. Such incidents
         could also expose us to product liability, negligence or other lawsuits, including consumer class action lawsuits. Any claims
         brought against us may exceed or be outside the scope of our existing or future insurance policy coverage or limits. Any
         judgment against us that is more than our policy limits or not covered by our policies or not subject to insurance would
         have to be paid from our cash reserves, which would reduce our capital resources.

              The occurrence of food-borne illnesses or other food safety incidents could also adversely affect the price and
         availability of affected ingredients, resulting in higher costs, disruptions in supply and a reduction in our sales.
         Furthermore, any instances of food contamination or regulatory noncompliance, whether or not caused by our actions,
         could compel us, our suppliers, our distributors or our customers, depending on the circumstances, to conduct a recall in
         accordance with FDA regulations, comparable state laws or foreign laws such as those of the European Union, the United
         Kingdom and China. Food recalls could result in significant losses due to their costs, the destruction of product inventory,
         lost sales due to the unavailability of the product for a period of time and potential loss of existing distributors or customers
         and a potential negative impact on our ability to attract new customers due to negative consumer experiences or because
         of an adverse impact on our brand and reputation. The costs of a recall could exceed or be outside the scope of our
         existing or future insurance policy coverage or limits.

              In addition, food companies have been subject to targeted, large-scale tampering as well as to opportunistic, individual
         product tampering, and we, like any food company, could be a target for product tampering. Forms of tampering could
         include the introduction of foreign material, chemical contaminants and pathological organisms into consumer products as
         well as product substitution. FDA regulations require companies like us to analyze, prepare and implement mitigation
         strategies specifically to address tampering (i.e., intentional adulteration) designed to inflict widespread public health harm.
         If we do not adequately address the possibility, or any actual instance, of intentional adulteration, we could face possible
         seizure or recall of our


                                                                          30



63 sur 223                                                                                                                       4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




64 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         products and the imposition of civil or criminal sanctions, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial
         condition and operating results.

         Consumer preferences for our products are difficult to predict and may change, and, if we are unable to respond
         quickly to new trends and demands, our business may be adversely affected.

              Our business is focused on the development, manufacture, marketing and distribution of a line of branded plant-based
         meat products as alternatives to animal-based protein products. Consumer demand could change based on a number of
         possible factors, including dietary habits and nutritional values, concerns regarding the health effects of ingredients and
         shifts in preference for various product attributes. If consumer demand for our products decreased, our business and
         financial condition would suffer. In addition, sales of plant-based meat or meat-alternative products are subject to evolving
         consumer preferences that we may not be able to accurately predict or respond to. Consumer trends that we believe favor
         sales of our products could change based on a number of possible factors, including a shift in preference from plant-based
         meat to animal-based protein products (including any products produced using new farming methods or technologies
         which may reduce the adverse environmental and other factors associated with conventional animal-based protein
         products), increased acceptance for different alternative proteins that are used in our products, economic factors and
         social trends. A significant shift in consumer demand away from our products could reduce our sales or our market share
         and the prestige of our brand, which would harm our business and financial condition.

             Additionally, lobbyists supporting the meat industry have engaged in marketing campaigns in an attempt to generate
         negative publicity regarding our products and may continue to do so in the future. Any shift in consumer perception that
         our products are not healthy as a result of these campaigns could significantly reduce the value of our brand and damage
         our business. Other types of adverse publicity concerning our business or the plant-based meat industry generally could
         also harm our brand, reputation and results of operations. The growing use of social and digital media over recent years
         has amplified the impact of such negative publicity.

         Sales of the Beyond Burger contribute a significant portion of our revenue. A reduction in sales of Beyond Burger
         would have an adverse effect on our financial condition.

             Beyond Burger accounted for approximately 50%, 55% and 58% of our gross revenues in 2022, 2021 and 2020,
         respectively. The Beyond Burger is our flagship product and has historically been the focal point of our development and
         marketing efforts, and we believe that sales of the Beyond Burger will continue to constitute a significant portion of our
         revenues, income and cash flow for the foreseeable future. We cannot be certain that we will be able to continue to
         expand production and distribution of the Beyond Burger, or that customer demand for our other existing and future
         products will expand to allow such products to represent a larger percentage of our revenue than they do currently.
         Accordingly, any factor adversely affecting sales of the Beyond Burger could have a material adverse effect on our
         business, financial condition and results of operations.

         Failure to continually innovate and successfully introduce and commercialize new products or successfully
         improve existing products may adversely affect our ability to continue to grow.

              A key element of our long-term growth strategy depends on our ability to develop and market new products and
         improvements to our existing products that meet our standards for quality and appeal to consumer preferences. The
         success of our innovation and product development efforts is affected by our ability to anticipate changes in consumer
         preferences, accurately predict taste preferences and purchasing habits of consumers in new geographic markets, the
         technical capability of our innovation staff in developing and testing product prototypes, including complying with applicable
         governmental regulations, commercialization and scale-up of new products, and the success of our management and
         sales and marketing teams in introducing and marketing new products. Our innovation staff members are continuously
         testing alternative plant-based proteins to the proteins we currently use in our products, as they seek to find additional
         protein options to our current ingredients that are more easily sourced, and which retain and build upon the quality and
         appeal of our current product offerings. Failure to develop, commercialize and market new products that appeal to
         consumers may lead to a decrease in our growth, sales and profitability.


                                                                         31



65 sur 223                                                                                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




66 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




             Additionally, the development and introduction of new products requires substantial research, development and
         marketing expenditures, which we may be unable to recoup if the new products do not gain widespread market
         acceptance. If we are unsuccessful in meeting our objectives with respect to new or improved products, our business
         could be harmed.

         Ingredient and packaging costs are volatile and may rise significantly, which may negatively impact the
         profitability of our business.

              We purchase large quantities of raw materials, including ingredients derived from Canadian, European and North
         American yellow peas, mung beans, sunflower seeds, rice, faba beans, canola oil and coconut oil. In addition, we
         purchase and use significant quantities of cardboard, film and plastic to package our products. Costs of ingredients and
         packaging are volatile and can fluctuate due to conditions that are difficult to predict, including global competition for
         resources, weather conditions, consumer demand and changes in governmental trade and agricultural programs. Volatility
         in the prices of raw materials and other supplies we purchase could increase our cost of sales and reduce our profitability.
         Moreover, we may not be able to implement price increases for our products to cover any increased costs, and any price
         increases we do implement may result in lower sales volumes. If we are not successful in managing our ingredient and
         packaging costs, if we are unable to increase our prices to cover increased costs or if such price increases reduce our
         sales volumes, then such increases in costs will adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial
         condition.

         Risks Related to Our Industry and Brand

         We face intense competition in our market from our competitors, including manufacturers of animal-based meat
         products and other brands that produce plant-based meat products, and potential competitors and new market
         entrants and we may lack sufficient financial or other resources to compete successfully.

              Our future success depends, in large part, on our ability to implement our long-term growth strategy of expanding
         supply and distribution, improving placement of our products, attracting new consumers to our brand and introducing new
         products and product extensions, and expanding into new geographic markets. If we fail to implement this growth strategy
         or if we invest resources in a growth strategy that ultimately proves unsuccessful, our sales and operating results will be
         adversely affected. Our ability to implement this growth strategy depends, among other things, on our ability to:

             •   manage relationships with various suppliers, co-manufacturers, distributors, customers and other third parties, and
                 expend time and effort to integrate new suppliers, co-manufacturers, distributors and customers into our fulfillment
                 operations;

             •   continue to compete in retail and foodservice channels;

             •   secure placement in the meat case for our products;

             •   increase our brand recognition and expand and maintain brand loyalty;

             •   develop new product lines and extensions; and

             •   expand into new geographic markets.

              Our ability to implement our long-term growth strategy also depends on our ability to continue to compete in the retail
         and foodservice channels. We operate in a highly competitive environment. Numerous brands and products compete for
         limited retailer shelf space, foodservice customers and consumers. In our market, competition is based on, among other
         things, taste, nutritional profile, ingredients, texture, ease of integration into the consumer diet, low-carbohydrate, low-
         sugar, high fiber and protein, lack of cholesterol, soy, gluten and GMOs, convenience, price and promotion tactics, brand
         awareness and loyalty among customers, media spending, product variety and packaging, access to major retailer shelf
         space and retail locations, access to



                                                                        32



67 sur 223                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




68 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         major foodservice outlets and integration into menus, innovation and intellectual property protection on products.

             In response to increased competition, as well as the COVID-19 pandemic, we have recently been providing heavier
         discounting on some of our products. Although these actions are intended to build brand awareness and increase
         consumer trials of our products, they have had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on our net revenues, gross
         profit, gross margin and profitability, impacting period-over-period results.

             We compete with conventional animal-protein companies such as Cargill, Hormel, JBS, Perdue Foods, Tyson and WH
         Group, who may have substantially greater financial and other resources than us and whose animal-based products are
         well-accepted in the marketplace today. They may also have lower operational costs, and as a result may be able to offer
         conventional animal meat to customers at lower costs than plant-based meat. This could cause us to lower our prices,
         resulting in lower profitability or, in the alternative, cause us to lose market share if we fail to lower prices.

             We also compete with other food brands, including brands affiliated with conventional animal-protein companies and
         other large food operators, that develop and sell plant-based meat products, including, but not limited to, Alpha Foods,
         Boca Foods (Kraft Heinz), Lightlife and Field Roast Grain Meat Co. (Maple Leaf Foods), Gardein (Conagra), Hungry
         Planet, Inc., Impossible Foods, Incogmeato/Morningstar Farms (Kellogg), Moving Mountains, Omn!pork (OmniFoods),
         Tofurky, Sweet Earth and Awesome Burger (Nestle’ S.A.), Pure Farmland by Smithfield Foods (WH Group), Raised &
         Rooted (Tyson), Happy Little Plants (Hormel), Sysco’s Simply Plant-Based Meatless Burger, Tattooed Chef, The Not
         Company and Vegetarian Butcher (Unilever), and with companies which may be more innovative, have more resources
         and be able to bring new products to market faster and to more quickly exploit and serve niche markets. For example, a
         number of U.S. and international companies are working on developing lab-grown or “clean meat,” an animal-protein
         product cultivated from cells taken from animals, which could have a similar appeal to consumers as plant-based meat
         products. We compete with these competitors for foodservice customers, retailer shelf space and consumers.

             Generally, the food industry is dominated by multinational corporations with substantially greater resources and
         operations than us. We cannot be certain that we will successfully compete with larger competitors that have greater
         financial, sales and technical resources or with new competitors and market entrants. Conventional food companies may
         acquire our competitors or launch their own plant-based meat products, and they may be able to use their resources and
         scale to respond to competitive pressures and changes in consumer preferences by introducing new products, reducing
         prices or increasing promotional activities, among other things. Retailers also market competitive products under their own
         private labels, which are generally sold at lower prices and compete with some of our products. Similarly, retailers could
         change the merchandising of our products and we may be unable to retain the placement of our products in meat cases to
         effectively compete with animal-protein products. Competitive pressures, new competitors and market entrants or other
         factors could cause us to lose market share, which may require us to lower prices, increase marketing and advertising
         expenditures, or increase the use of discounting or promotional campaigns, each of which would adversely affect our
         margins and could result in a decrease in our operating results and profitability.

         Our brand and reputation may be diminished due to real or perceived quality or health issues with our products,
         which could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, operating results and financial condition.

             We believe our consumers rely on us to provide them with high-quality plant-based meat products. Therefore, real or
         perceived quality or food safety concerns or failures to comply with applicable food regulations and requirements, whether
         or not ultimately based on fact and whether or not involving us (such as incidents involving our competitors), could cause
         negative publicity and reduced confidence in our company, brand or products, or the industry as a whole, which could in
         turn harm our reputation and sales, and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating
         results. Although we believe we have a rigorous quality control process, there can be no assurance that our products will
         always comply with the standards set for our products, and although we strive to keep our products free of pathogenic
         organisms, they may not be easily detected and cross-contamination can occur. For example, in 2017, before our products
         were




                                                                        33



69 sur 223                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




70 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         shipped to distributors or customers, we discovered, through our quality control process, that certain of our products
         manufactured by a former co-manufacturer were contaminated with salmonella. There is no assurance that this health risk
         will always be preempted by our quality control processes.

             We have no control over our products once purchased by consumers. Accordingly, consumers may prepare our
         products in a manner that is inconsistent with our directions or store our products for long periods of time, which may
         adversely affect the quality and safety of our products. If consumers do not perceive our products to be safe or of high
         quality, then the value of our brand would be diminished, and our business, results of operations and financial condition
         would be adversely affected.

             Any loss of confidence on the part of consumers in the ingredients used in our products or in the safety and quality of
         our products would be difficult and costly to overcome. Any such adverse effect could be exacerbated by our position in
         the market as a purveyor of high-quality plant-based meat products and may significantly reduce our brand value. Issues
         regarding the safety of any of our products, regardless of the cause, may have a substantial and adverse effect on our
         brand, reputation and operating results.

             The growing use of social and digital media by us, our consumers and third parties increases the speed and extent
         that information or misinformation and opinions can be shared. Negative publicity about us, our brands or our products on
         social or digital media could seriously damage our brands and reputation. If we do not maintain the favorable perception of
         our brands, our sales and profits could be negatively impacted.

         If we fail to develop and maintain our brand, our business could suffer.

             We have developed a strong and trusted brand that has contributed significantly to the success of our business, and
         we believe our continued success depends on our ability to maintain and grow the value of the Beyond Meat brand.
         Maintaining, promoting and positioning our brand and reputation will depend on, among other factors, the success of our
         plant-based product offerings, food safety, quality assurance, marketing and merchandising efforts, the nutritional benefits
         provided by our products and our ability to provide a consistent, high-quality customer experience. Any negative publicity,
         regardless of its accuracy, could materially adversely affect our business, results of operation and reputation. Brand value
         is based on perceptions of subjective qualities, and any incident that erodes the loyalty of our customers, suppliers or co-
         manufacturers, including adverse publicity, negative media or a governmental investigation or litigation, could significantly
         reduce the value of our brand and significantly damage our business.

         Risks Related to Our International Operations

         Our international expansion into China and Europe could expose us to substantial business, regulatory, political,
         financial and economic risks.

              Our expansion into China and Europe could expose us to substantial risks associated with doing business in China
         and Europe, such as risks associated with taxation, inflation, environmental regulations, foreign currency exchange rates,
         the labor market, property and financial regulations, the COVID-19 pandemic or other public health crises, and the
         outbreak of hostilities or war. Our ability to operate in China and Europe may be adversely affected by changes in, or our
         failure to comply with, Chinese or European laws and regulations. In addition, we are exposed to risks associated with our
         workforce in China and the Netherlands, including with respect to changes in employment and labor laws, which could
         increase our operating costs. The departure of the United Kingdom from the European Union (commonly known as
         “Brexit”) on January 31, 2020 has created uncertainties affecting business operations in the U.K., EU and a number of
         other countries, which could increase volatility in exchange rates, market instability, costs and other risks. There is also
         significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the United States and China with respect to trade policies,
         treaties, government regulations and tariffs.

         Fluctuations in currency exchange rates could negatively impact our earnings.

             A portion of our international business is conducted in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, and therefore changes in
         foreign exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar have in the past, and may in the future, affect the

                                                                        34



71 sur 223                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




72 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         value of our non-U.S. dollar net assets, revenues and expenses. Although we closely monitor potential exposures as a
         result of these fluctuations in currencies, and where cost-justified we adopt strategies that are designed to reduce the
         impact of these fluctuations on our financial performance, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in
         managing our foreign exchange risk. Our exposure to currency exchange rate fluctuations will grow if the relative
         contribution of our operations outside the United States increases. Any material fluctuations in currencies could have a
         material effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

         Our international operations are subject to the FCPA and we could be adversely affected by violations of the
         FCPA and similar worldwide anti-corruption laws.

              The FCPA and similar worldwide anti-corruption laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from
         making certain improper payments for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. The continued expansion of our
         international operations could increase the risk of violations of these laws in the future. There is no assurance that we will
         be completely effective in ensuring our compliance with the FCPA or any other applicable anti-corruption laws. If we are
         not in compliance with the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws, we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties,
         disgorgement and other sanctions and remedial measures, and legal expenses, which could have an adverse impact on
         our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Likewise, any investigation of any potential violations of
         the FCPA or other anti-corruption laws or trade control laws by the United States could also have an adverse impact on our
         reputation, our business, results of operations and financial condition.

         Risks Related to Our Investments

         Our manufacturing operations in China and Europe require substantial investments, for which we cannot
         guarantee forecasted returns.

             In 2020, we entered into an investment agreement and related factory leasing contract to design and develop
         manufacturing facilities in the Jiaxing Economic & Technological Development Zone to manufacture plant-based meat
         products under the Beyond Meat brand in China and in the fourth quarter of 2021, we leased an approximately 12,000
         square foot facility in Shanghai, which is used as a local research and development facility to support our local
         manufacturing operations. In the second quarter of 2020, we acquired our first manufacturing facility in Europe located in
         Enschede, the Netherlands. Our substantial investment in China and Europe may expose us to substantial risks and, as a
         result, we may not realize a return on our investment. Unforeseen delays in the operations of our Chinese or European
         manufacturing facilities may cause us to incur additional expenses. Operating these facilities may require additional capital
         expenditures and the efforts and attention of our management and other personnel, which will divert resources from our
         existing business or operations. Although our Chinese and European facilities are fully operational as of December 31,
         2022, they may not provide us with all of the operational and financial benefits we expect to receive. These and other risks
         may result in our not realizing a return on, or losing some or all, of our planned investments in China and Europe, which
         could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and financial performance.

         Our ownership of real property is subject to all the risks inherent in an investment in real estate.

             We have direct ownership of certain real estate properties. As is the case with any owner of real property, we are
         subject to potential liabilities, cost and damages arising out of owning, operating, leasing or otherwise having interests in
         real property. There are risks that a property may have unforeseen environmental or other hazards resulting in unexpected
         costs. In addition, we may not be able to expand or operate our owned facilities in the manner we desire, which could
         adversely impact our production and facility utilization.

         Joint ventures may not operate according to their business plans if our partners fail to fulfill their obligations,
         which may adversely affect our results of operations and compel us to dedicate additional resources to these
         joint ventures.

             The nature of a joint venture requires us to share control in certain areas with unaffiliated third parties. If our joint
         venture partner does not fulfill its obligations, the affected joint venture may not be able to operate in


                                                                           35



73 sur 223                                                                                                                         4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




74 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         accordance with its business plan. Under such a scenario, our results of operations may be adversely affected and we
         may be compelled to increase the level of our resources devoted to the joint venture. Also, differing views among joint
         venture participants may result in delayed decisions, or failure to agree on major issues. If such differences caused a joint
         venture to deviate from its business plan, our results of operations could be adversely affected.

         Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property, Information Technology, Cybersecurity and Privacy

         We may not be able to protect our proprietary technology adequately, which may impact our commercial success.

             Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technologies.
         We rely on a combination of patent protection, where appropriate and available, copyrights, trade secrets and trademark
         laws, as well as confidentiality and other contractual restrictions to protect our proprietary technology. However, these legal
         means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our proprietary technology or permit us to gain or
         keep any competitive advantage. As of December 31, 2022, we had two issued patents in the United States and seven
         issued patents outside the United States (U.K., Indonesia, Canada, China, Chile, Israel and Australia), two pending patent
         applications in the United States, eight pending international patent applications and one provisional patent application.

             We cannot offer any assurances about which, if any, patents will issue from these applications, the breadth of any such
         patents, or whether any issued patents will be found invalid and unenforceable or will be threatened by third parties. Any
         successful opposition to these patents or any other patents owned by or, if applicable in the future, licensed to us could
         deprive us of rights necessary for the successful commercialization of products that we may develop. Since patent
         applications in the United States and most other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing (in most cases 18
         months after the filing of the priority application), we cannot be certain that we were the first to file on the technologies
         covered in several of the patent applications related to our technologies or products. Furthermore, a derivation proceeding
         can be provoked by a third party, or instituted by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, to determine who was
         the first to invent any of the subject matter covered by the patent claims of our applications.

              Patent law can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions for which important principles
         remain unresolved. In the United States and in many international jurisdictions, policy regarding the breadth of claims
         allowed in patents can be inconsistent and/or unclear. The U.S. Supreme Court and the Court of Appeals for the Federal
         Circuit have made, and will likely continue to make, changes in how the patent laws of the United States are interpreted.
         Similarly, international courts and governments have made, and will continue to make, changes in how the patent laws in
         their respective countries are interpreted. We cannot predict future changes in the interpretation of patent laws by U.S. and
         international judicial bodies or changes to patent laws that might be enacted into law by U.S. and international legislative
         bodies.

         We may not be able to protect our intellectual property adequately, which may harm the value of our brand.

              We believe that our intellectual property has substantial value and has contributed significantly to the success of our
         business. Our trademarks, including Beyond Meat, Beyond Burger, Beyond Beef, Beyond Sausage, Beyond Breakfast
         Sausage, Beyond Chicken, Beyond Steak, Beyond Fried Chicken, Beyond Popcorn Chicken, Beyond Meatballs, the
         Caped Steer Logo, Go Beyond, Eat What You Love, Cookout Classic and The Future of Protein, are valuable assets that
         reinforce our brand and consumers’ favorable perception of our products. We also rely on unpatented proprietary
         expertise, recipes and formulations and other trade secrets and copyright protection to develop and maintain our
         competitive position. Our continued success depends, to a significant degree, upon our ability to protect and preserve our
         intellectual property, including our trademarks, trade dress, trade secrets and copyrights. We rely on confidentiality
         agreements and trademark, trade secret and copyright law to protect our intellectual property rights.




                                                                         36




75 sur 223                                                                                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




               Our confidentiality agreements with our employees and certain of our consultants, contract workers, suppliers and
         independent contractors, including some of our co-manufacturers who use our formulations to manufacture our products,
         generally require that all information made known to them be kept strictly confidential. Nevertheless, trade secrets are
         difficult to protect. Although we attempt to protect our trade secrets, our confidentiality agreements may not effectively
         prevent disclosure of our proprietary information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized
         disclosure of such information. If we do not keep our trade secrets confidential, others may produce products with our
         recipes or formulations. In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets, in which case we would not be
         able to assert trade secret rights against such parties. Further, some of our formulations have been developed by or with
         our suppliers and co-manufacturers. As a result, we may not be able to prevent others from using similar formulations. As
         we begin to expand globally as part of our long-term growth strategy, we may face additional risks protecting our trade
         secrets internationally, where the laws may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as those in the United States.

              We cannot assure you that the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights are adequate, that our
         intellectual property rights can be successfully defended and asserted in the future or that third parties will not infringe
         upon or misappropriate any such rights. In addition, our trademark rights and related registrations may be challenged in
         the future and could be canceled or narrowed. Failure to protect our trademark rights could prevent us in the future from
         challenging third parties who use names and logos similar to our trademarks, which may in turn cause consumer confusion
         or negatively affect consumers’ perception of our brand and products. Moreover, intellectual property disputes and
         proceedings and infringement claims may result in a significant distraction for management and significant expense, which
         may not be recoverable regardless of whether we are successful. Such proceedings may be protracted with no certainty of
         success, and an adverse outcome could subject us to liabilities, force us to cease use of certain trademarks or other
         intellectual property or force us to enter into licenses with others. Any one of these occurrences may have a material
         adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

              Additionally, the laws of certain international jurisdictions in which our products may be sold may not protect intellectual
         property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. As a result, we may not be able to effectively prevent
         third parties from infringing or otherwise misappropriating our trademark rights in such jurisdictions. Moreover, failure to
         obtain adequate trademark rights in these foreign jurisdictions could negatively impact our ability to expand our business
         and launch products in certain international markets. Further, we may not be able to effectively protect our intellectual
         property rights against unauthorized third parties that obtain the rights to our trademarks in foreign jurisdictions where we
         have not yet applied for trademark protections, and we may expend substantial cost to obtain those trademarks from such
         third parties. Any one of these occurrences could reduce our competitive position or otherwise have a material adverse
         effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

         We rely on information technology systems and any inadequacy, failure, interruption or security breaches of
         those systems may harm our ability to effectively operate our business.

              We are dependent on various information technology systems, including, but not limited to, networks, applications and
         outsourced services in connection with the operation of our business. A failure of our information technology systems to
         perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and result in transaction errors, processing inefficiencies and loss of
         sales, causing our business to suffer. In addition, our information technology systems may be vulnerable to damage or
         interruption from circumstances beyond our control, including fire, severe weather, natural disasters, systems failures,
         viruses and security breaches, particularly in light of many of our employees working remotely. Any such damage or
         interruption could have a material adverse effect on our business.




                                                                          37




76 sur 223                                                                                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         A cybersecurity incident, other technology disruptions or failure to comply with laws and regulations relating to
         privacy and the protection of data relating to individuals could negatively impact our business, our reputation and
         our relationships with customers.

              We use computers in substantially all aspects of our business operations. We also use mobile devices, social
         networking and other online activities to connect with our employees, suppliers, co-manufacturers, distributors, customers
         and consumers. Such uses give rise to cybersecurity risks, including security breaches, espionage, system disruption,
         theft and inadvertent release of information. Our business involves the storage and transmission of numerous classes of
         sensitive and/or confidential information and intellectual property, including customers’ and suppliers’ information, private
         information about employees and financial and strategic information about us and our business partners. Further, as we
         pursue new initiatives that improve our operations and cost structure, potentially including acquisitions, we may also
         expand and improve our information technologies, resulting in a larger technological presence and corresponding
         exposure to cybersecurity risk. If we fail to assess and identify cybersecurity risks associated with new initiatives or
         acquisitions, we may become increasingly vulnerable to such risks. Additionally, while we have implemented measures to
         prevent security breaches and cyber incidents, our preventative measures and incident response efforts may not be
         entirely effective. The theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation, or release of sensitive and/or confidential information or
         intellectual property, or interference with our information technology systems or the technology systems of third parties on
         which we rely, could result in business disruption, negative publicity, brand damage, violation of privacy laws, loss of
         customers, potential liability and competitive disadvantage all of which could have a material adverse effect on our
         business, financial condition or results of operations.

              In addition, we are subject to laws, rules and regulations in the United States, the European Union, China and other
         jurisdictions relating to the collection, use and security of personal information and data. Such data privacy laws,
         regulations and other obligations may require us to change our business practices and may negatively impact our ability to
         expand our business and pursue business opportunities. We may incur significant expenses to comply with the laws,
         regulations and other obligations that apply to us. Additionally, the privacy and data protection-related laws, rules and
         regulations applicable to us are subject to significant change. Several jurisdictions have passed new laws and regulations
         in this area, and other jurisdictions are considering imposing additional restrictions. For example, our operations are
         subject to the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation, which imposes data privacy and security
         requirements on companies doing business in the European Union, including substantial penalties for non-compliance.
         The California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”), which went into effect on January 1, 2020, imposes similar
         requirements on companies handling data of California residents and creates a new and potentially severe statutory
         damages framework for (i) violations of the CCPA and (ii) businesses that fail to implement reasonable security procedures
         and practices to prevent data breaches. The California Privacy Rights Act, which became effective January 1, 2023,
         amends and expands the CCPA, including by expanding consumer’s rights in their personal information and creating a
         new governmental agency to interpret and enforce the statute. Additionally, in August 2021, the National People’s
         Congress of the People's Republic of China adopted the Personal Information Protection Law, which became effective on
         November 1, 2021 and provides a comprehensive system for the protection of personal information in China. Privacy and
         data protection-related laws and regulations also may be interpreted and enforced inconsistently over time and from
         jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Any actual or perceived inability to comply with applicable privacy or data protection laws,
         regulations, or other obligations could result in significant cost and liability, litigation or governmental investigations,
         damage our reputation, and adversely affect our business.




                                                                         38




77 sur 223                                                                                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         Risks Related to Our Lease Obligations, Indebtedness, Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital

         If the build out of our new Campus Headquarters is delayed or incurs cost overruns, the headquarters does not
         operate in accordance with our expectations or occupancy rates are lower than anticipated, our business or
         financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected.

             On January 14, 2021, we entered into a lease agreement for an initial term of 12 years to develop and house our new
         Campus Headquarters. The space is being built out by the landlord, who delivered Phase 1-A of the space, which we
         currently occupy, to us in the third quarter of 2022. We expect the landlord to deliver to us the remainder of the space by
         the end of 2023; however, there can be no assurances that the remainder of the space will be ready for occupancy on or
         before the expected occupancy date due to force majeure events (such as COVID-19) or the risk of delays or cost
         overruns inherent in construction development projects, any of which could have a negative impact on our financial
         condition or results of operations. If we are not able to complete development of the Campus Headquarters within the
         approved budget or there are significant cost overruns, our cash flows, financial condition, or results of operations could be
         materially and adversely affected.

            In addition, it is possible that, once finalized, there could be unanticipated difficulties in initiating operations at the
         Campus Headquarters, including, but not limited to, IT system interruptions, other infrastructure support problems or the
         space may prove to be less conducive to our operations than currently anticipated. These risks could all result in
         operational inefficiencies or similar difficulties that could prove difficult or impossible to remediate and have an adverse
         impact on our financial condition or results of operations. Moreover, we are uncertain about how the long-term impacts of
         COVID-19 (for example, a shift in the percentage of our workforce that works remotely) will affect our ability to timely fully
         occupy the Campus Headquarters once construction is complete, which could have a negative impact on our financial
         condition or results of operations.

             If we are unable to occupy the Campus Headquarters space, we may have to sublease the unoccupied portion of the
         Campus Headquarters. A sublease agreement would be subject to certain risks and uncertainties, such as the possibility
         that such agreement may not be completed on terms that are advantageous to us as we may not receive sufficiently high
         rental rates to cover our lease obligations which could have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of
         operations.

         We currently have, and will continue to have, significant lease obligations, and our failure to meet those
         obligations could adversely affect our financial condition and business.

              We currently have, and will continue to have, significant lease obligations for our corporate offices, manufacturing
         facilities, research and development facilities and warehouses. We depend on cash flow from operations to pay our lease
         expenses.

             If our business does not generate sufficient cash flow from operating activities to fund these expenses, we may not be
         able to meet our lease obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and business.
         Furthermore, the significant cash flow required to satisfy our financial obligations under the leases could limit our ability to
         incur indebtedness and make capital expenditures or other investments in our business.

         Our significant indebtedness and liabilities could limit the cash flow available for our operations, expose us to
         risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and impair our ability
         to satisfy our obligations under our Notes.

             As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately $1.3 billion of consolidated indebtedness and other liabilities. We
         may also incur additional indebtedness to meet future financing needs. Our indebtedness could have significant negative
         consequences for our security holders and our business, results of operations and financial condition by, among other
         things:

             •   increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions;


                                                                          39



78 sur 223                                                                                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




79 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




             •   limiting our ability to obtain additional financing;

             •   requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our indebtedness,
                 which will reduce the amount of cash available for other purposes;

             •   limiting our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business;

             •   diluting the interests of our existing stockholders as a result of issuing shares of our common stock upon
                 conversion of the Notes; and

             •   placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage with competitors that are less leveraged than us or have better
                 access to capital.

             In March 2021, we issued $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of our 0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the
         “Convertible Notes”) in a private placement to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act
         of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). The initial purchasers of the Convertible Notes also exercised their option to
         purchase an additional $150.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the
         “Additional Notes,” and together with the Convertible Notes, the “Notes”), and such Additional Notes were issued on March
         16, 2021.

              Our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, to pay interest on or to refinance our current or future
         indebtedness, including the Notes, as applicable, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic,
         financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. Our business may not generate sufficient funds, and we may
         otherwise be unable to maintain sufficient cash reserves, to pay amounts due under our current or future indebtedness,
         including the Notes, and our cash needs may increase in the future. In addition, any future indebtedness that we may incur
         may contain financial and other restrictive covenants that limit our ability to operate our business, raise capital or make
         payments under our other indebtedness. If we fail to comply with these covenants or to make payments under our
         indebtedness when due, then we would be in default under that indebtedness, which could, in turn, result in that and our
         other indebtedness becoming immediately payable in full.

         We may be unable to raise the funds necessary to repurchase the Notes for cash following a fundamental change,
         or to pay the cash amounts due upon conversion, and our future indebtedness may limit our ability to repurchase
         the Notes or pay cash upon their conversion.

             Holders of the Notes may, subject to a limited exception, require us to repurchase their Notes following a
         “Fundamental Change” (as defined in the Indenture) at a cash repurchase price generally equal to the principal amount of
         the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid special and additional interest, if any. In addition, all conversions of
         Notes will be settled partially or entirely in cash. We may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at
         the time we are required to repurchase the Notes or pay the cash amounts due upon conversion. In addition, applicable
         law, regulatory authorities and the agreements governing our future indebtedness may restrict our ability to repurchase the
         Notes or pay the cash amounts due upon conversion. Our failure to repurchase the Notes or to pay the cash amounts due
         upon conversion when required will constitute a default under the Indenture. A default under the Indenture or the
         Fundamental Change itself could also lead to a default under agreements governing our future indebtedness, which may
         result in that indebtedness becoming immediately payable in full. If the repayment of such future indebtedness were to be
         accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, then we may not have sufficient funds to repay that indebtedness
         and repurchase the Notes or make cash payments upon their conversion.

         The accounting method for the Notes could adversely affect our reported financial condition and results.

             Our Notes do not bear regular interest, and the principal amount of the Notes do not accrete. However, special interest
         and additional interest may accrue on the Notes at a rate per annum not exceeding 0.50% (subject to certain exceptions)
         upon the occurrence of certain events relating to the failure to file certain SEC reports or to remove certain restrictive
         legends from the Notes. The accounting method for reflecting the Notes


                                                                            40



80 sur 223                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




81 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         on our balance sheet may adversely affect our reported earnings and financial condition. If any of the conditions to the
         convertibility of the Notes is satisfied or the Notes become due within one year, then we may be required under applicable
         accounting standards to reclassify the liability carrying value of the Notes as a current, rather than a long-term, liability.
         This reclassification could be required even if no noteholders convert their Notes and could materially reduce our reported
         working capital.

              We early adopted Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2020-06, “Debt with Conversion and Other Options
         (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging—Contracts in Entity's Own Equity” (“ASU 2020-06”), to account for our
         Notes which eliminates the treasury stock method for convertible instruments that can be settled in whole or in part with
         equity and instead requires the application of the more dilutive of the “if-converted” method or the two-class method. Under
         the if-converted method, diluted earnings per share would generally be calculated assuming that all the conversion
         premium or spread were converted at the beginning of the reporting period, unless the result would be anti-dilutive. The
         conversion premium or spread would have a dilutive impact on net income per share when the average market price of the
         Company’s common stock for a given period exceeds the conversion price.

         The capped call transactions may affect the value of the Notes and our common stock.

             In connection with the Notes, we entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions with the option
         counterparties. The capped call transactions will cover, subject to customary adjustments, the number of shares of
         common stock that underlie the Notes. The capped call transactions are expected generally to reduce potential dilution to
         our common stock upon conversion of the Notes or at our election (subject to certain conditions) offset any cash payments
         we are required to make in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the converted Notes, as the case may be, with
         such reduction or offset subject to a cap.

             We have been advised that, in connection with establishing their initial hedges of the capped call transactions, the
         option counterparties or their respective affiliates purchased shares of our common stock and/or entered into various
         derivative transactions with respect to our common stock.

              In addition, we have been advised that the option counterparties or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge
         positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our common stock and/or purchasing or selling
         our common stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions following the pricing of the Notes and prior
         to the maturity of the Notes (and are likely to do so on each exercise date of the capped call transactions, and in
         connection with any early termination event in respect of the capped call transactions). This activity could also cause or
         avoid an increase or a decrease in the market price of our common stock.

         Provisions in the indenture governing the Notes could delay or prevent an otherwise beneficial takeover of us.

             Certain provisions in the Notes and the indenture governing the Notes could make a third party attempt to acquire us
         more difficult or expensive. For example, if a takeover constitutes a fundamental change, then noteholders will have the
         right to require us to repurchase their Notes for cash. In addition, if a takeover constitutes a Make-Whole Fundamental
         Change (as defined in the Indenture), then we may be required to temporarily increase the conversion rate. In either case,
         and in other cases, our obligations under the Notes and the indenture governing the Notes could increase the cost of
         acquiring us or otherwise discourage a third party from acquiring us or removing incumbent management, including in a
         transaction that holders of our common stock or Notes may view as favorable.

         We may require additional financing to achieve our goals, and a failure to obtain this necessary capital when
         needed on acceptable terms, or at all, may force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product manufacturing
         and development, and other operations.

            Since our inception, substantially all of our resources have been dedicated to the development of our three core plant-
         based product platforms of beef, pork and poultry, including purchases of property, plant and




                                                                         41



82 sur 223                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




83 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         equipment, principally to support the development and production of our products, the build-out and equipping of our
         former Manhattan Beach Project Innovation Center and our Innovation Center within our Campus Headquarters, and the
         purchase, build-out and equipping of manufacturing facilities in the U.S. and abroad. We have and believe that we will
         continue to expend resources as we expand into additional markets we may choose to pursue. These expenditures are
         expected to include costs associated with research and development, manufacturing and supply, as well as marketing and
         selling existing and new products. In addition, other unanticipated costs may arise.

              As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash of $322.5 million. Our operating plan
         may change because of factors currently unknown to us, and we may need to seek additional funds sooner than planned,
         through public or private equity or debt financings or other sources, including strategic collaborations. Such financing may
         result in dilution to stockholders, reduction in the market price of our common stock, imposition of debt covenants and
         repayment obligations, or other restrictions that may adversely affect our business. In addition, we may seek additional
         capital due to favorable market conditions or strategic considerations even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our
         current or future operating plans. However, the capital markets may experience extreme volatility and disruption, including
         rising interest rates and higher borrowing costs, which could make it more difficult for us to raise capital. If we cannot
         access the capital markets upon favorable terms or at all, it may impact our ability to achieve our goals.

             Our future capital requirements depend on many factors, including:

             •   the number and characteristics of any additional products or manufacturing processes we develop or acquire to
                 serve new or existing markets;

             •   our investment in and build out of our Campus Headquarters;

             •   the expenses associated with our marketing initiatives;

             •   our investment in manufacturing and facilities to expand our manufacturing and production capacity;

             •   our investments in real property and joint ventures;

             •   the costs required to fund domestic and international operations and growth;

             •   the scope, progress, results and costs of researching and developing future products or improvements to existing
                 products or manufacturing processes;

             •   any lawsuits related to our products or commenced against us or our directors and officers;

             •   the expenses needed to attract and retain skilled personnel;

             •   the costs associated with being a public company;

             •   the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, or any other pandemic, epidemic or other public health crisis;

             •   the costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending and enforcing intellectual property
                 claims, including litigation costs and the outcome of such litigation; and

             •   the timing, receipt and amount of sales of, or royalties on, any future approved products, if any.

             Additional funds may not be available when we need them, on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. If adequate
         funds are not available to us on a timely basis, we may be required to:

             •   delay, limit, reduce or terminate our manufacturing, research and development activities or our growth and
                 expansion plans; or

             •   delay, limit, reduce or terminate our establishment of sales and marketing capabilities or other activities that may
                 be necessary to generate revenue and achieve profitability.

                                                                         42



84 sur 223                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




85 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         Our inability to access and employ the cash that collateralizes our outstanding and future letters of credit may
         impact our liquidity.

             As of December 31, 2022, we had restricted cash of $12.6 million securing the letter of credit to support the
         development and leasing of our Campus Headquarters. Our inability to access and employ the cash that collateralizes our
         outstanding and future letters of credit may impact our liquidity and could have an adverse impact on our business,
         operations and financial condition.

         Risks Related to the Environment, Climate and Weather

         A major earthquake, tsunami, tornado, wildfire, flood, drought or other natural disaster or severe weather event
         could seriously disrupt our entire business.

              We have offices, co-manufacturing and manufacturing facilities located in the United States and internationally. The
         impact of a major earthquake, tsunami, tornado, flood, wildfire, drought or other natural disaster or severe weather event at
         any of our facilities and overall operations is difficult to predict, but such a natural disaster or severe weather event could
         seriously disrupt our entire business and lead to substantial losses, which may not be covered by insurance. Additionally,
         to the extent such events become more frequent or intense, such as a result of climate change, it may adversely impact
         the cost or availability of such insurance.

         Climate change may negatively affect our business and operations.

             Increasing concentrations of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere have generally been concluded to lead to increased
         ambient global temperatures, as well as changes in weather patterns and the frequency and severity of extreme weather
         and natural disasters. Adverse climate conditions, weather patterns and the impact of such conditions and patterns such
         as drought, flood, wildfires, mudslides and rising ambient temperatures adversely impact product cultivation conditions for
         farmers and agricultural productivity, including by disrupting ecosystems and severely altering the growing conditions,
         nutrient levels, soil moisture and water availability necessary for the growth and cultivation of crops, which would adversely
         affect the product quality, availability or cost of certain commodities that are necessary for our products, such as yellow
         peas, mung beans, sunflowers, rice, faba bean, canola oil and coconut oil. Many of our operations exist in water-stressed
         regions and water is a key ingredient in our products. Due to climate change, we may also be subjected to decreased
         availability of water, deteriorated quality of water or less favorable pricing for water, which could adversely impact our
         manufacturing and distribution operations. These and other changes to the physical environment may adversely impact
         our operations or those of the suppliers on whom we rely. While we may take various actions to mitigate our business risks
         associated with climate change, this may require us to incur substantial costs and may not be successful, due to, among
         other things, the uncertainty associated with the longer-term projections associated with managing climate risks.

         Risks Related to Being a Public Company

         If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal controls, our ability to produce accurate financial statements on
         a timely basis could be impaired, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and the trading price of
         our common stock may decline.

             Ensuring that we have adequate internal financial and accounting controls and procedures in place to produce
         accurate financial statements on a timely basis is a costly and time-consuming effort that needs to be re-evaluated
         frequently. We are in the process of upgrading our information technology systems and implementing additional financial
         and management controls, reporting systems and procedures in order to keep up with the requirements of being a
         reporting company under the Exchange Act. Additionally, the growth of our operations and our being a public company
         have created a need for additional resources within the accounting and finance functions due to the increasing need to
         produce timely financial information and to ensure the level of segregation of duties customary for a U.S. public company.
         We have hired additional resources in the accounting and finance functions and continue to reassess the sufficiency of
         finance personnel in response to these increasing demands and expectations.


                                                                         43



86 sur 223                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




87 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




              As a public company, we are required to document and test our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to
         Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act so that our management can certify as to the effectiveness of our internal control
         over financial reporting. The rules governing the standards that must be met for management to assess our internal control
         over financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation, testing and possible remediation. We have and
         will continue to expend significant resources in developing the necessary documentation and testing procedures required
         by Section 404. We cannot be certain that the actions we have and will continue to take to improve our internal controls
         over financial reporting will be sufficient.

             Any failure to maintain internal control over financial reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our
         financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial
         reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm determines we have a material weakness or
         significant deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and
         completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could decline, and we could be subject to
         sanctions or investigations by NASDAQ, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness
         in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public
         companies, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets.

         Our disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud.

             Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to reasonably assure that information required to be disclosed by
         us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, recorded,
         processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. We believe that
         any disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated,
         can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met.

             These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns
         can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some
         persons, by collusion of two or more people or by an unauthorized override of the controls. Accordingly, because of the
         inherent limitations in our control system, misstatements or insufficient disclosures due to error or fraud may occur and not
         be detected.

         The requirements of being a public company will require us to incur increased costs and may strain our
         resources, divert management’s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified board members.

             As a public company, we have incurred and will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that
         we did not incur as a private company. We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act which requires,
         among other things, that we file with the SEC annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and
         financial condition. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as related rules adopted by the SEC and the Nasdaq
         Global Select Market, impose significant requirements on public companies, including requiring establishment and
         maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and changes in corporate governance practices. Further, we are
         required to comply with certain requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or the
         Dodd-Frank Act, as well as rules and regulations subsequently implemented by the SEC related to corporate governance
         and executive compensation, such as “say on pay” and proxy access. As such, we have and will continue to incur
         additional compliance-related expenses. Additionally, the SEC and other regulators have continued to adopt new rules and
         regulations and make additional changes to existing regulations that require our compliance.

             Stockholder activism, the current political environment and the current high level of government intervention and
         regulatory reform may lead to substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations, which may lead to additional
         compliance costs and impact, in ways we cannot currently anticipate, the manner in which we operate our business. We
         expect the rules and regulations applicable to public companies to continue to increase our




                                                                          44



88 sur 223                                                                                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




89 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming and costly. If these requirements
         divert the attention of our management and personnel from other business concerns, they could have a material adverse
         effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The increased costs will decrease our net income or
         increase our net loss and may require us to reduce costs in other areas of our business. Furthermore, these rules and
         regulations could make it more difficult or more costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including director and
         officer liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage and higher self-insured
         retention amounts, or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. The impact of these
         requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of
         directors, our board committees or as executive officers. We cannot predict or estimate the amount or timing of additional
         costs we may incur to respond to these requirements.

         Risks Related to Regulatory and Legal Compliance Matters, Litigation and Legal Proceedings

         Our operations are subject to FDA governmental regulation and other foreign, federal, state and local regulation,
         and there is no assurance that we will be in compliance with all regulations.

            Our operations are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA, and other foreign, federal, state and local authorities.
         Specifically, for products manufactured or sold in the United States we are subject to the requirements of the Federal
         Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and regulations promulgated thereunder by the FDA.

              This comprehensive regulatory program governs, among other things, the manufacturing, composition and ingredients,
         packaging, labeling and safety of food. Under this program, the FDA requires that facilities that manufacture food products
         comply with a range of requirements, including hazard analysis and preventive controls regulations, current good
         manufacturing practices (“cGMPs”), and supplier verification requirements. Comparable regulations apply in foreign
         jurisdictions such as the European Union, the United Kingdom and China. Our processing and manufacturing facilities,
         including those of our co-manufacturers, are subject to periodic inspection by foreign, federal, state and local authorities.
         We do not control the manufacturing processes of, and rely upon, our co-manufacturers for compliance with cGMPs for the
         manufacturing of our products by our co-manufacturers. If we or our co-manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture
         products that conform to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA or other non-U.S. regulators,
         we or they may be subject to adverse inspectional findings or enforcement actions, which could materially impact our
         ability to market our products, could result in our inability to manufacture our products or our co-manufacturers’ inability to
         continue manufacturing for us, or could result in a recall of our product that has already been distributed. In addition, we
         rely upon our co-manufacturers to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. If the FDA
         or a comparable state, local or foreign regulatory authority determines that we or these co-manufacturers have not
         complied with the applicable regulatory requirements, our business may be materially impacted.

             We seek to comply with applicable regulations through a combination of employing internal experience and expert
         personnel to ensure quality-assurance compliance (i.e., assuring that our products are not adulterated or misbranded) and
         contracting with third-party laboratories that conduct analyses of products to ensure compliance with nutrition labeling
         requirements and to identify any potential contaminants before distribution. Failure by us or our co-manufacturers to
         comply with applicable laws and regulations or maintain permits, licenses or registrations relating to our or our co-
         manufacturers’ operations could subject us to civil remedies or penalties, including fines, injunctions, recalls or seizures,
         warning letters, restrictions or prohibitions on the marketing or manufacturing of products, or refusals to permit the import
         or export of products, as well as potential criminal sanctions, which could result in increased operating costs resulting in a
         material effect on our operating results and business.

         We are subject to international regulations that could adversely affect our business and results of operations.

             We are subject to extensive regulations internationally where we manufacture, distribute and/or sell our products. Our
         products are subject to numerous food safety and other laws and regulations relating to the




                                                                         45



90 sur 223                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




91 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         sourcing, manufacturing, composition and ingredients, storing, labeling, marketing, advertising and distribution of these
         products. For example, in early 2018, we received an inquiry from Canadian officials about the labeling and composition of
         products that we export to Canada. We responded promptly to that inquiry, identifying minor formulation changes that we
         made under Canadian regulations. If regulators determine that the labeling, advertising and/or composition of any of our
         products is not in compliance with foreign law or regulations, or if we or our co-manufacturers otherwise fail to comply with
         applicable laws and regulations in foreign jurisdictions where we operate and market products, we could be subject to civil
         remedies or penalties, such as fines, injunctions, recalls or seizures, warning letters, restrictions on the marketing or
         manufacturing of the products, or refusals to permit the import or export of products, as well as potential criminal
         sanctions. In places like Mainland China, government inquiries into product labeling and advertising can be prompted by
         random inspections of our product on the market by local government authorities or complaints by consumers or
         competitors to the authorities. The consequences of a labeling or advertising violation in China can lead not only to fines
         from administrative authorities but also to multiple individual consumer lawsuits for nominal damages in the hundreds of
         dollars each, which can be costly to defend. In addition, enforcement of existing laws and regulations, changes in legal
         requirements and/or evolving interpretations of existing regulatory requirements may result in increased compliance costs
         and create other obligations, financial or otherwise, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition or
         operating results. For example, China has recently introduced new regulations on food manufacturing and it may introduce
         new Food Labeling Supervision Measures that could increase restrictions and require changes to our labels. In addition,
         with our expanding international operations, we could be adversely affected by violations of the FCPA, and similar
         worldwide anti-bribery laws, which generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments
         to non-U.S. officials or other third parties for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. While our policies mandate
         compliance with these anti-bribery laws, our internal control policies and procedures may not protect us from reckless or
         criminal acts committed by our employees, contractors or agents. Violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations,
         could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial
         condition.

         Any changes in, or changes in the interpretation of, applicable laws, regulations or policies of the FDA or U.S.
         Department of Agriculture, or USDA, state regulators or similar foreign regulatory authorities that relate to the use
         of the word “meat” or other similar words in connection with plant-based meat products could adversely affect
         our business, prospects, results of operations or financial condition.

             The FDA and the USDA, state regulators or similar foreign regulatory authorities, such as Health Canada or the CFIA,
         or authorities of the U.K., the EU or the EU member states, or China, including the State Administration for Market
         Regulation and its local counterpart agencies, could take action to impact our ability to use the term “meat” or similar
         words (such as “beef,” “burger” or “sausage,” including the Beyond Meat logo of the Caped Longhorn superhero) to
         describe or advertise our products. In addition, a food may be deemed misbranded if its labeling is false or misleading in
         any particular way, and the FDA, CFIA, EU member state authorities or other regulators could interpret the use of the term
         “meat” or any similar phrase(s) to describe our plant-based meat products as false or misleading or likely to create an
         erroneous impression regarding their composition.

              For example, in 2018, the state of Missouri passed a law prohibiting any person engaged in advertising, offering for
         sale, or sale of food products from misrepresenting a product as meat that is not derived from harvested production
         livestock or poultry. The state of Missouri Department of Agriculture has clarified its interpretation that products which
         include prominent disclosure that the product is “made from plants,” or comparable disclosure such as through the use of
         the phrase “plant-based,” are not misrepresented under the Missouri law. Additional states, including Arkansas, Georgia,
         Mississippi, Louisiana, Oklahoma, South Dakota and Wyoming, have subsequently passed similar laws, and legislation
         that would impose specific requirements on the naming of plant-based meat products is currently pending in a number of
         other states. The United States Congress recently considered (but did not pass) federal legislation, called the Real MEAT
         Act, that could require changes to our product labeling and marketing, including identifying products as “imitation” meat
         products, and that would give USDA certain oversight over the labeling of plant-based meat products. If similar bills gain
         traction and ultimately become law, we could be required to identify our products as “imitation” in our product



                                                                        46



92 sur 223                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




93 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         labels. Further, the FDA has announced that it is developing guidance on naming plant-based meat alternatives that could
         impact our naming expectations. Canadian Food and Drug Regulations also provide requirements for “simulated meat”
         products, including requirements around composition and naming.

             In Europe, the Agriculture Committee of the European Parliament proposed in May 2019 to reserve the use of “meat”
         and meat-related terms and names for products that are manufactured from the edible parts of animals. In October 2020,
         the European Parliament rejected the adoption of this provision. In the absence of European Union legislation, Member
         States remain free to establish national restrictions on meat-related names. In June 2020, France adopted a law
         prohibiting names to indicate foodstuffs of animal origin to describe, market, or promote foodstuffs containing vegetable
         proteins. In October 2021, France published a draft implementing decree to define, for example, the sanctions in case of
         non-compliance with the new law. The Decree was published on June 29, 2022, and entered into force on October 1,
         2022. We do not believe that the Decree complies with the laws of the European Union (EU), in particular the principle of
         free movement of goods. On July 27, 2022, at the request of a trade association, the French High Administrative Court
         partially suspended the execution of the Decree. This signals that there are indeed serious doubts as to the lawfulness of
         the Decree, though the suspension is only partial and temporary until the Court rules on the merits of the case. We
         understand that at least two more trade associations are also considering litigation. In this context, on October 21, 2022,
         the Company filed an application for annulment against the Decree. The Company also intervened in favor of the trade
         association in their pending case against the Decree on November 16, 2022.

             France is the first EU Member State to adopt such a law. Should other EU Member State regulatory authorities take
         action with respect to the use of the term “meat” or similar claims, such that we are unable to use those terms with respect
         to our plant-based products, we could be subject to enforcement action or recall of our products marketed with these
         terms, we may be required to modify our marketing strategy, or required to identify our products as “imitation” in our
         product labels, and our business, prospects, results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected.

         Increases in income tax rates or changes in income tax laws could have a material adverse impact on our
         financial results.

              Increases in income tax rates or other changes in tax laws, including changes in how existing tax laws are interpreted
         or enforced, could adversely affect our financial performance. The increasingly complex global tax environment has in the
         past and could continue to increase tax uncertainty, resulting in higher compliance costs and adverse effects on our
         financial performance. We are also subject to regular reviews, examinations and audits by numerous taxing authorities
         with respect to income and non-income based taxes. Economic and political pressures to increase tax revenues in
         jurisdictions in which we operate, or the adoption of new or reformed tax legislation or regulation, may make resolving tax
         disputes more difficult and the final resolution of tax audits and any related litigation can differ from our historical provisions
         and accruals, resulting in an adverse effect on our financial performance.

         Litigation or legal proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities and have a negative impact on our
         reputation or business.

               From time to time, we may be party to various claims and litigation proceedings. We evaluate these claims and
         litigation proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate, if possible, the amount of potential
         losses. Based on these assessments and estimates, we may establish reserves, as appropriate. These assessments and
         estimates are based on the information available to management at the time and involve a significant amount of
         management judgment. Actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from our assessments and estimates. For
         information regarding pending legal proceedings, please see Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings, and Note 10,
         Commitments and Contingencies, to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report.

             Even when not merited, the defense of these lawsuits may divert our management’s attention, and we may incur
         significant expenses in defending these lawsuits. The results of litigation and other legal proceedings are inherently
         uncertain, and adverse judgments or settlements in some of these legal disputes may result in



                                                                           47



94 sur 223                                                                                                                        4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




95 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         adverse monetary damages, penalties or injunctive relief against us, which could have a material adverse effect on our
         financial position, cash flows or results of operations. Any claims or litigation, even if fully indemnified or insured, could
         damage our reputation and make it more difficult to compete effectively or to obtain adequate insurance in the future.

             Furthermore, while we maintain insurance for certain potential liabilities, such insurance does not cover all types and
         amounts of potential liabilities and is subject to self-insured retentions, various exclusions as well as caps on amounts
         recoverable. Even if we believe a claim is covered by insurance, insurers may dispute our entitlement to recovery for a
         variety of potential reasons, which may affect the timing and, if the insurers prevail, the amount of our recovery.

         General Risk Factors

         Our share price has been and may continue to be highly volatile, and you could lose all or part of your
         investment.

             The market price of our common stock has been and is likely to continue to be highly volatile and could be subject to
         wide fluctuations in response to many factors discussed in this “Risk Factors” section, including:

             •   general economic, market and political conditions, including negative effects on consumer confidence and
                 spending levels;

             •   actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition and operating results, including fluctuations in our
                 quarterly and annual results;

             •   announcements of innovations by us or our competitors;

             •   announcement by competitors or new market entrants of their entry into or exit from the plant-based meat market;

             •   overall conditions in our industry and the markets in which we operate;

             •   market conditions or trends in the packaged food sales industry or in the economy as a whole;

             •   addition or loss of significant customers or other developments with respect to significant customers;

             •   adverse developments concerning our manufacturers or suppliers;

             •   changes in laws or regulations applicable to our products or business;

             •   our ability to effectively manage our growth and market expectations with respect to our growth;

             •   speculation regarding public customer announcements or geographic expansion;

             •   actual or anticipated changes in our growth rate relative to our competitors;

             •   announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital
                 commitments;

             •   additions or departures of key personnel;

             •   competition from existing products or new products that may emerge;

             •   issuance of new or updated research or reports about us or our industry, or positive or negative recommendations
                 or withdrawal of research coverage by securities analysts;

             •   our failure to meet the estimates and projections of the investment community or that we may otherwise provide to
                 the public;



                                                                           48



96 sur 223                                                                                                                        4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




97 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




             •   fluctuations in the valuation of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us;

             •   disputes or other developments related to proprietary rights, including patents, and our ability to obtain intellectual
                 property protection for our products;

             •   litigation or regulatory matters;

             •   announcement or expectation of additional financing efforts;

             •   our cash position;

             •   our indebtedness and ability to pay such indebtedness, as well as our ability to comply with covenants under our
                 credit agreement;

             •   sales of our common stock by our stockholders;

             •   issuance of equity or debt;

             •   share price and volume fluctuations attributable to inconsistent trading volume levels of our common stock;

             •   changes in accounting practices;

             •   ineffectiveness of our internal controls;

             •   short-selling of our common stock;

             •   negative media or marketing campaigns undertaken by our competitors or lobbyists supporting the meat industry;

             •   the public’s response to publicity relating to the health aspects or nutritional value of our products;

             •   the effects of COVID-19 and any other pandemic, epidemic or other public health crisis; and

             •   other events or factors, many of which are beyond our control.

             Furthermore, the stock markets have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to
         affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or
         disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations, as well
         as general economic, political and market conditions such as recessions, interest rate changes, tariffs, international
         currency fluctuations, or the effects of disease outbreaks or pandemics (such as COVID-19), may negatively impact the
         market price of our common stock. In the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock
         have been subject to securities class action litigation. For example, in the past, we have been subject to multiple
         shareholder derivative lawsuits related, in part, to a securities case filed against us alleging federal securities law violations
         with respect to past disclosure, which case has since been dismissed with prejudice. Securities litigation, and any other
         type of litigation, brought against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management’s attention from other
         business concerns, which could seriously harm our business and adversely affect our results of operations.

         Future sales of our common stock in the public market could cause our share price to fall.

             Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time. These
         sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares of common stock intend to sell shares,
         could reduce the market price of our common stock. Moreover, certain holders of our common stock have rights, subject to
         certain conditions, to require us to file registration statements covering their shares or to include their shares in registration
         statements that we may file for ourselves or other stockholders. We also have registered all shares of common stock that
         we may issue under our equity compensation plans following the IPO or that are issuable upon exercise of outstanding
         options following the


                                                                           49



98 sur 223                                                                                                                       4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




99 sur 223                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         IPO. These shares can be freely sold in the public market upon issuance and once vested, subject to volume limitations
         applicable to affiliates. If any of these additional shares are sold, or if it is perceived that they will be sold, in the public
         market, the market price of our common stock could decline.
         If securities or industry analysts issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding our business or publish
         unfavorable research about our business, our share price and trading volume could decline.

              The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that industry or securities
         analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of the analysts who cover us ceases coverage of our company or
         fails to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our share
         price or trading volume to decline. Moreover, if any of the analysts who cover us downgrade our stock or issue an adverse
         or misleading opinion regarding us, our business model or our stock performance, or if our operating results fail to meet
         the expectations of the investor community, our share price could decline.
         We have never paid dividends on our capital stock and we do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable
         future. Consequently, any gains from an investment in our common stock will likely depend on whether the price
         of our common stock increases.

              We have never declared or paid any dividends on our common stock and do not intend to pay any dividends in the
         foreseeable future. We anticipate that we will retain all of our future earnings for use in the operation of our business and
         for general corporate purposes. Accordingly, investors should rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation,
         which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investments.

         Our charter documents and Delaware law could prevent a takeover that stockholders consider favorable and
         could also reduce the market price of our stock.

             Our restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could delay or
         prevent a change in control of our company. These provisions could also make it more difficult for stockholders to elect
         directors and take other corporate actions. These provisions include:

              •   providing for a classified board of directors with staggered, three-year terms;

              •   authorizing our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could
                  discourage a takeover attempt or delay changes in control;

              •   prohibiting cumulative voting in the election of directors;

              •   providing that vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by a majority of directors then in office, even
                  though less than a quorum;

              •   prohibiting the adoption, amendment or repeal of our amended and restated bylaws or the repeal of the provisions
                  of our restated certificate of incorporation regarding the election and removal of directors without the required
                  approval of at least 66.67% of the shares entitled to vote at an election of directors;

              •   prohibiting stockholder action by written consent;

              •   limiting the persons who may call special meetings of stockholders; and

              •   requiring advance notification of stockholder nominations and proposals, including without limitation, compliance
                  with the requirements of Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act, as applicable.

              These provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current
         management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible
         for appointing the members of our management. In addition, the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General
         Corporate Law, or the DGCL, govern us. These provisions may prohibit large


                                                                            50



100 sur 223                                                                                                                        4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




101 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         stockholders, in particular those owning 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock, from merging or combining with us
         for a certain period of time without the consent of our board of directors.

             These and other provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws and
         under Delaware law could discourage potential takeover attempts, reduce the price investors might be willing to pay in the
         future for shares of our common stock and result in the market price of our common stock being lower than it would be
         without these provisions.

              Our restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the federal
         district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forums for substantially all disputes between us and our
         stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our
         directors, officers, or employees.

             Our restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive
         forum for:

              •   any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf;

              •   any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by, or other wrongdoing by, any of our directors,
                  officers, employees or agents to us or our stockholders;

              •   any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our restated certificate of
                  incorporation, or our amended and restated bylaws;

              •   any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of our restated certificate of incorporation or our
                  amended and restated bylaws; and

              •   any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine;

              provided, that with respect to any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf to enforce any liability or duty
         created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder, the exclusive forum will be the federal district courts
         of the United States of America. Our restated certificate of incorporation further provides that the federal district courts of
         the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising
         under the Securities Act.

             These exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds
         favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and
         our directors, officers and other employees.

         Our ability to utilize our federal net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards may be limited under Sections 382
         and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code (the “Code”).

             As of December 31, 2022, we had accumulated federal, state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of
         approximately $744.5 million, $314.2 million and $84.1 million, respectively. Approximately $652.7 million of the federal net
         operating losses and $84.9 million of the state net operating losses do not expire and the remaining federal, state and
         foreign tax loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2031, 2031 and 2025, respectively, unless previously utilized. Utilization of
         the Company’s net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards may be subject to a substantial annual limitation due to the
         ownership change limitations provided by the Code and similar state provisions.

             The limitations apply if a corporation undergoes an “ownership change,” which is generally defined as a greater than
         50 percentage point change (by value) in its equity ownership by certain stockholders over a three-year period. We have
         experienced several ownership changes none of which is expected to result in a material limitation on the future use of our
         net operating loss and credit carryforwards generated prior to these ownership changes. However, any future changes in
         our stock ownership, which may be outside of our control, may trigger an ownership change and, consequently, Section
         382 and 383 limitations. Similar provisions of state tax law

                                                                           51



102 sur 223                                                                                                                       4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




103 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         may also apply to limit our use of accumulated state tax attributes. As a result, if we earn net taxable income, our ability to
         use our pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes to offset such taxable income may be subject
         to limitations, which could potentially result in increased future income tax liability to us. We are currently analyzing
         whether and to what extent we have experienced an ownership change pursuant to Section 382; and to the extent such
         change occurred, the impact to the availability of our tax attributes.

         ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS.

              None.

         ITEM 2. PROPERTIES.

              Our principal facilities, which are leased except where otherwise indicated, are as follows:

                          Primary Use                          Location          Approximate Area (SF)       Expiration of Lease
         United States:
         Production of woven protein and dry blend       Columbia, MO                           26,000           6/30/2025
         flavor systems
         Production of woven protein and dry blend       Columbia, MO                           64,000           7/31/2025
         flavor systems
         Warehousing and dry blending                    Columbia, MO                          142,000             Owned
         Production of finished goods                    Devault, PA                            86,000             Owned
         Corporate headquarters, lab and                 El Segundo, CA                        282,000           11/30/2033
         innovation (“Campus Headquarters”)(1)
         Lab and innovation space                        El Segundo, CA                         30,000           1/31/2024

         International:
         Production of woven protein and dry blend       Enschede,                              46,000             Owned
         flavor systems                                  the Netherlands
         Production of woven protein and finished        Jiaxing, China                         38,000           9/09/2027
         goods
         Research and development                        Shanghai, China                        12,000           1/11/2030

         ______________
         (1) As of December 31, 2022, approximately 72,000 rentable square feet of this facility has been completed, delivered and occupied.
             See Note 10, Commitments and Contingencies, to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report.


             Given our intention to reduce our overall operating expenses and cash expenditures, on February 14, 2023, we
         terminated the lease of our Commerce, California commercialization center. See Note 14, Subsequent Event, to the Notes
         to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report.

         ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.

             We are subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of our business. The
         Company establishes an accrued liability for legal matters when those matters present loss contingencies that are both
         probable and estimable. For a description of our material pending legal proceedings, please see Note 10, Commitments
         and Contingencies, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. Although the
         outcome of these and other claims cannot be predicted with certainty, other than the settlement of certain actions,
         management is not currently able to estimate the reasonable possible amount of loss or range of loss and does not believe
         that it is probable that the ultimate resolution of the current matters will have a material adverse effect on our business,
         financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. However, the final results of any current or future proceeding cannot
         be predicted with certainty,


                                                                            52



104 sur 223                                                                                                                         4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




105 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         and until there is final resolution on any such matter that we may be required to accrue for, we may be exposed to loss in
         excess of the amount accrued. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of
         defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors.

         ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.

              Not applicable.

                                                                   PART II

         ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER
         PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.

         Market Information

             Our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “BYND” on May 2, 2019.
         Prior to that date, there was no public trading market for our common stock.

         Holders

            As of February 28, 2023, there were 137 holders of record of our common stock. This number does not include
         beneficial owners whose shares are held by nominees in street name.

         Dividends

             The Company has not declared or paid any dividends, or authorized or made any distribution upon or with respect to
         any class or series of its capital stock.




                                                                       53




106 sur 223                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         Performance Graph

             The following performance graph and related information shall not be deemed “soliciting material” or to be “filed” with
         the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act or the
         Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any
         such filing, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under the Securities Act or Exchange Act, except to the extent that we
         specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing.

              The following graph depicts the total cumulative stockholder return on our common stock from May 2, 2019, the first
         day of trading of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, through December 31, 2022, relative to the
         performance of the NASDAQ Composite Index and the S&P Food and Beverage Select Industry Index, a peer group that
         includes Beyond Meat. The graph assumes an initial investment of $100.00 at the close of trading on May 2, 2019 and that
         all dividends paid by companies included in these indices have been reinvested. The performance shown in the graph
         below is not intended to forecast or be indicative of future stock price performance.




                                                                                                                  Copyright© 2023
                                      Standard & Poor's, a division of S&P Global. All rights reserved.




         ITEM 6. [RESERVED]




                                                                       54



107 sur 223                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




108 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
         OPERATIONS.

              The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results
         may differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those
         set forth in Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” and “Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” included elsewhere in this
         report. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in
         conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report.

             Our Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in this
         document generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussions
         of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this document can be found
         in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of our
         Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021.
         Overview

              Beyond Meat is a leading plant-based meat company, offering a portfolio of revolutionary plant-based meats. We build
         meat directly from plants, an innovation that enables consumers to experience the taste, texture and other sensory
         attributes of popular animal-based meat products while enjoying the nutritional and environmental benefits of eating our
         plant-based meat products. Our brand promise, “Eat What You Love,” represents a strong belief that there is a better way
         to feed our future and that the positive choices we all make, no matter how small, can have a great impact on our personal
         health and the health of our planet. By shifting from animal-based meat to plant-based meat, we can positively impact four
         growing global issues: human health, climate change, constraints on natural resources and animal welfare. The success of
         our breakthrough innovation model and products has allowed us to appeal to a broad range of consumers, including
         flexitarians, those who typically eat animal-based meats, positioning us to compete directly in the $1.4 trillion global meat
         industry.

             We sell a range of plant-based meat products across the three main meat platforms of beef, pork and poultry. As of
         December 2022, Beyond Meat Branded products were available at approximately 190,000 retail and foodservice outlets in
         more than 80 countries worldwide, across mainstream grocery, mass merchandiser, club store, convenience store and
         natural retailer channels, and various food-away-from-home channels, including restaurants, foodservice outlets and
         schools.

             Net revenues decreased to $418.9 million in 2022 from $464.7 million in 2021, representing a 9.8% reduction. We
         have generated losses since inception. Net loss in 2022 and 2021 was $366.1 million and $182.1 million, respectively, as
         we pursued our long-term goal of future growth of our business, investing in innovation, people, infrastructure, product
         scaling and establishing strategic partnerships in the U.S., EU and China. In 2022, our net revenues were negatively
         affected by softness in demand in the plant-based category, macroeconomic issues, including inflation, rising interest rates
         and increasing concerns about the likelihood of a recession, and increased competition. Additionally, there remains
         uncertainty regarding the long-term effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and certain negative impacts on our business, the
         plant-based category, consumer and customer behavior, and demand levels.

              In response to the current difficult environment and negative impact of these factors on our business and the overall
         plant-based category, beginning in the fourth quarter of 2022 we are pivoting our focus toward sustainable long-term
         growth supported by three pillars: (1) driving margin recovery and operating expense reduction through the implementation
         of lean value streams across our beef, pork and poultry platforms; (2) inventory reduction and cash flow generation
         through more efficient inventory management; and (3) focusing on near-term retail and foodservice growth drivers while
         supporting strategic key long-term partners and opportunities.




                                                                        55




109 sur 223                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




            Our net revenues, gross profit, gross margin, earnings and cash flows have been and may continue to be adversely
         impacted in 2023 by the following:

              •   changes in our product mix including the launch of new products, which may carry lower margin profiles relative to
                  existing products due in part to early cost of production inefficiencies;

              •   weak demand in the retail channel due to slower category growth, particularly for refrigerated plant-based meat,
                  and increased competitive activity, including the deceleration of plant-based meat across Europe and our ability to
                  successfully launch extended shelf-life products;

              •   the impact of high inflation and the plant-based meat sector’s premium pricing relative to animal protein, including
                  causing consumers to trade down into cheaper forms of protein, including animal meat;

              •   our decreased revenue forecast negatively impacting capacity utilization, which could also give rise to
                  underutilization fees and termination fees to exit certain supply chain arrangements and/or the write-off of certain
                  equipment, driving less leverage on fixed costs and delaying the speed at which cost savings initiatives impact our
                  financial results;

              •   changes in forecasted demand, particularly for Beyond Meat Jerky;

              •   managing inventory levels, including sales to the liquidation channel and the level of inventory reserves;

              •   price reductions, intended to improve price competitiveness relative to competing products;

              •   increased unit cost of goods sold due to lower production volumes in response to weaker demand, which would
                  adversely impact coverage of fixed production costs within our manufacturing facilities;

              •   increased unit cost of goods due to inflation, rising interest rates, higher transportation, raw materials, energy,
                  labor and supply chain costs;

              •   increased promotional programs and trade discounts to our retail and foodservice customers, including to bolster
                  support for our core lines, and shifts in product and channel mix resulting in negative impacts on our gross
                  margins;

              •   potential disruption to our supply chain generally caused by distribution and other logistical issues;

              •   continued effects of the COVID-19 pandemic; and

              •   labor needs at the Company as well as in the supply chain and at customers.

             In 2021, we entered into The Planet Partnership, LLC (“TPP”), a joint venture with PepsiCo, Inc., to develop, produce
         and market innovative snack and beverage products made from plant-based protein. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we
         began taking steps to restructure certain contracts and operating activities related to Beyond Meat Jerky. Such activities
         are expected to continue through most of 2023.

             On August 3, 2022 and October 14, 2022, we announced reductions-in-force affecting approximately 4% and 19%,
         respectively, of our global workforce. These decisions were based on cost-reduction initiatives intended to reduce
         operating expenses as the Company focuses on a set of key growth priorities. We may not be able to fully realize the costs
         savings and benefits initially anticipated from these actions, and the expected costs may be greater than expected. See
         Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business—Our strategic initiatives to reduce our cost structure
         towards cash flow positive operations could have long-term adverse effects on our business, and we may not realize the
         operational or financial benefits from such actions and Our inability to streamline operations and improve cost efficiencies
         could result in the contraction of our business and the implementation of significant cost cutting measures.



                                                                          56



110 sur 223                                                                                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




111 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         Impact of COVID-19 on Our Business

             The COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant impact on our business over the last three years, but as we moved
         through 2022 we saw consumers start to return to more normalized routines; more social gatherings, going out to bars and
         restaurants and returning to offices, which impacted demand. We have also seen a normalization of supply chains across
         the food and beverage industry that is reducing the disruption of the supply from many protein suppliers and increasing
         choice for consumers.

            In the United States, we have transitioned back to normal operating procedures with a heightened awareness of
         maintaining a healthy workplace and work environment. At all of our facilities, we follow current guidelines from local
         departments of public health and have implemented comprehensive preventative hygienic measures to support the health
         and safety of our employees.

              As a result of China’s lifting of its zero COVID policies, our facilities in China no longer require visitors and personnel to
         obtain a 72-hour swab test results. However, at our R&D center and Jiaxing factory, visitors are still required to pre-register
         their personal details and record their temperature. Those who record symptoms relating to a fever or report cough
         symptoms are not allowed to enter these two facilities.

             Future events and effects related to COVID-19 cannot be determined with precision and actual results could
         significantly differ from estimates or forecasts.

         Environmental, Social and Governance

              As a disruptive leader in the food industry, we have established ourselves as a leading producer of plant-based meat
         products that deliver a reduced environmental footprint and mitigate the social and welfare issues associated with the
         conventional production and consumption of animal protein. In order to continue that work and position ourselves as a
         leader in the integration of environmental and social change, we have committed to developing a comprehensive ESG
         program. As part of the development of our ESG program, we have conducted a materiality analysis to determine which
         ESG issues are relevant to our business (the “ESG Materiality Analysis”). The term “materiality analysis” is common in the
         discussion of such assessments; however, the ESG Materiality Analysis was not designed to identify “material” issues for
         the purposes of financial reporting, or as defined by the securities laws of the United States. While the environmental
         impacts of our products, climate change management, the safety and quality of the products we produce and how we
         manage our supply chain were all identified as priority topics in our ESG Materiality Analysis, our discussion of these and
         other ESG matters herein or elsewhere may include information that is not necessarily “material” for SEC reporting
         purposes, and is informed by various ESG standards and frameworks (including standards for the measurement of
         underlying data), and the interests of various stakeholders. Much of this information is subject to assumptions, estimates
         or third-party information that is still evolving and subject to change. For example, our disclosures based on any standards
         may change due to revisions in framework requirements, availability of information, changes in our business or applicable
         government policies, or other factors, some of which may be beyond our control. We continue to work on leveraging the
         ESG Materiality Analysis to inform our strategy and actions under our commitment to promoting responsible and
         sustainable business practices within our organization.

         Components of Our Results of Operations and Trends and Other Factors Affecting Our Business

              Net Revenues

              We generate net revenues primarily from sales of our products to our customers across mainstream grocery, mass
         merchandiser, club store, convenience store and natural retailer channels, and various food-away-from-home channels,
         including restaurants, foodservice outlets and schools, mainly in the United States.




                                                                           57




112 sur 223                                                                                                                       4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                  https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




              We present our net revenues by geography and distribution channel as follows:

          Distribution Channel                     Description
          U.S. Retail                              Net revenues from retail sales to the U.S. market and sales to TPP
          U.S. Foodservice                         Net revenues from restaurant and foodservice sales to the U.S. market
          International Retail                     Net revenues from retail sales to international markets, including Canada
          International Foodservice                Net revenues from restaurant and foodservice sales to international markets,
                                                   including Canada
             The following factors and trends in our business have driven net revenue growth over prior periods and are expected
         to be key drivers of our net revenue growth over time, subject to the challenges discussed above:

              •   increased penetration across our retail channel, including mainstream grocery, mass merchandiser, club store,
                  convenience store and natural retailer channels, and our foodservice channel, including increased desire by
                  foodservice establishments, including large FSR and/or global QSR customers, to add plant-based products to
                  their menus and to highlight these offerings;

              •   the strength and breadth of our partnerships with global QSR restaurants and retail and foodservice customers;

              •   the success of our pivot to focus on sustainable long-term growth, including focusing on near-term retail and
                  foodservice growth drivers while supporting strategic key long-term partners and opportunities;

              •   distribution expansion, increased sales velocity, household penetration, repeat purchases, buying rates (amount
                  spent per buyer) and purchase frequency across our channels;

              •   increased international sales of our products across geographies, markets and channels as we seek to expand the
                  breadth and depth of our international distribution and grow our numbers of international customers;

              •   our ability to accurately forecast demand for our products and manage our inventory;

              •   our operational effectiveness and ability to fulfill orders in full and on time;

              •   our continued innovation and product commercialization, including enhancing existing products and introducing
                  new products across our plant-based platforms that appeal to a broad range of consumers, specifically those who
                  typically eat animal-based meat;

              •   enhanced marketing efforts as we continue to build our brand, amplify our value proposition around taste, health
                  and planet, serve as a best-in-class partner to both retail and foodservice customers to support product
                  development and category management, and drive consumer adoption of our products;

              •   overall market trends, including consumer awareness and demand for nutritious, convenient and high protein
                  plant-based foods; and

              •   localized production and third-party partnerships to improve our cost of production and increase the availability
                  and speed with which we can get our products to customers internationally.

             As we seek to grow our net revenues, we face several challenges, including any lasting effects from COVID-19, which
         are difficult to quantify, global events such as the conflict in Ukraine and their impact on availability of raw materials, broad
         macroeconomic headwinds including elevated levels of inflation, waning consumer confidence and recessionary concerns,
         increasing competition in the plant-based meat category, and softening in demand of the plant-based meat category
         overall, particularly in the refrigerated subsegment among others.

             We routinely offer sales discounts and promotions through various programs to customers and consumers. These
         programs include rebates, temporary on-shelf price reductions, off-invoice discounts, retailer



                                                                            58



113 sur 223                                                                                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




114 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         advertisements, product coupons and other trade activities. We anticipate that over time we will need to continue to offer
         more trade and promotion discounts to both our retail and foodservice customers, to drive increased consumer trials and in
         response to changing consumer and customer behavior, and increased competition and pressure on the plant-based meat
         category. The expense associated with these discounts and promotions is estimated and recorded as a reduction in total
         gross revenues in order to arrive at reported net revenues. At the end of each accounting period, we recognize a contra
         asset for estimated sales discounts that have been incurred but not paid which totaled $4.6 million and $3.6 million as of
         December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We expect to face increasing competition across all channels, especially as
         additional plant-based meat product brands continue to enter the marketplace and as consumers trade down among
         proteins in the context of significant inflationary pressure. In response, we anticipate providing heavier discounting and
         promotions on some of our products from time to time. Although these actions are intended to build brand awareness and
         increase consumer trials of our products, they have had and are likely to continue to have a negative impact on our net
         revenues, gross margin and profitability, impacting period-over-period results.

             In addition, because we do not have any purchase commitments from our distributors or customers, the amount of net
         revenues we recognize will vary from period to period depending on the volume, timing and the channels through which
         our products are sold, and the impact of customer orders ahead of holidays, causing variability in our results. Similarly, the
         timing of retail shelf resets are not within our control, and to the extent that retail customers change the timing of such
         events, variability of our results may also increase. Lower customer orders ahead of holidays, shifts in customer shelf reset
         activity and changes in the order patterns of one or more of our large retail customers could cause a significant fluctuation
         in our quarterly results and could have a disproportionate effect on our results of operations for the entire fiscal year. For
         example, in the third quarter of 2022, a combination of overall weaker than expected demand in the category and certain
         customer and distributor changes and buying patterns, such as reducing targeted inventory levels, among other factors,
         contributed to the decline in net revenues across markets and channels compared to the prior-year period.

              Our financial performance also depends on our operational effectiveness and ability to fulfill orders in full and on time.

             Further, we may not be able to recapture missed opportunities in later periods, for example if the opportunity is related
         to a significant grilling holiday like Memorial Day weekend, the Fourth of July, or Labor Day weekend. Missed opportunities
         may also result in missing subsequent additional opportunities. Internal and external operational issues therefore may
         impact the amount and variability of our results.

              Seasonality

              Generally, we expect to experience greater demand for certain of our products during the summer grilling season. In
         2022 and 2021, U.S. retail channel net revenues during the second quarter were 16% and 21% higher than the first
         quarter, respectively. We expect to continue to see additional seasonality effects, especially within our retail channel, with
         revenue contribution from this channel generally tending to be greater in the second and third quarters of the year, along
         with increased levels of purchasing by customers ahead of holidays, the impact of customer shelf reset activity and the
         timing of product restocking by our retail customers. In addition, in an environment of uncertainty from recessionary and
         inflationary pressures, general softness in the plant-based category, competition and other factors impacting our business,
         including uncertainty around the long-term impacts of COVID-19, we are unable to assess the ultimate impact on the
         demand for our products as a result of seasonality.

              Gross Profit

              Gross profit consists of our net revenues less cost of goods sold. Our cost of goods sold primarily consists of the cost
         of raw materials and ingredients for our products, co-manufacturing fees, direct and indirect labor and certain supply costs,
         in-bound and internal shipping and handling costs incurred in manufacturing our products, warehouse storage fees, plant
         and equipment overhead, depreciation and amortization expense, cost of packaging our products, inventory write-offs and
         reserves. Under certain circumstances, our cost of goods sold may also include underutilization and/or termination fees
         associated with our co-manufacturing



                                                                          59



115 sur 223                                                                                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




116 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         agreements. Over time, we expect our cost of goods sold in absolute dollars to increase as a result of anticipated growth in
         our sales volume.

             Subject to the recessionary and inflationary pressures, competition, general softness in the plant-based category and
         other factors impacting our business, we continue to expect that gross profit and gross margin improvements will be
         delivered primarily through:

              •   implementation of lean value streams across our beef, pork and poultry platforms;

              •   improved volume leverage and throughput;

              •   reduced manufacturing conversion costs driven in part by optimization of our production network;

              •   greater internalization and geographic localization of our manufacturing footprint;

              •   finished goods, materials and packaging input cost reductions and scale of purchasing;

              •   tolling fee efficiencies;

              •   end-to-end production processes across a greater proportion of our manufacturing network;

              •   scale-driven efficiencies in procurement and fixed cost absorption;

              •   diversification of our core protein ingredients;

              •   product and process innovations and reformulations;

              •   cost-down initiatives through ingredient and process innovation; and

              •   improved supply chain logistics and distribution costs.

               Gross margin improvement may, however, continue to be negatively impacted by reduced capacity utilization if
         demand for our products does not meet our expectations, investments in our production infrastructure across the U.S., EU
         and China in advance of anticipated demand, investing in production personnel, partnerships and product pipeline,
         aggressive pricing strategies and increased discounting, increases in inventory reserves and potentially increased sales to
         the liquidation channel, changes in our product and customer mix, expansion into new geographies and markets where
         cost and pricing structures may differ from our existing markets, and underutilization fees and termination fees to exit
         certain supply chain arrangements, driving less leverage on fixed costs and delaying the speed at which cost savings
         initiatives impact our financial results. Gross margin improvement may also be negatively impacted by the impact of lower
         demand forecast, inflation, increasing labor costs, materials costs and transportation costs.

              Operating Expenses

              Research and Development Expenses

             Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel and related expenses for our research and
         development staff, including salaries, benefits, bonuses, share-based compensation, scale-up expenses, depreciation and
         amortization expenses on research and development assets, and facility lease costs. Our research and development
         efforts are focused on enhancements to our existing product formulations and production processes in addition to the
         development of new products. We expect to continue to invest in research and development over time, as research and
         development and innovation are core elements of our business strategy, and we believe they represent a critical
         competitive advantage for us. We believe that we need to continue to innovate in order to capture a larger share of
         consumers who typically eat animal-based meats. We expect research and development expenses in 2023 to decrease
         from the levels in 2022 as a result of the reduction in force implemented in October 2022 and as we focus on reducing and
         optimizing operating expenses more broadly. Given our intention to reduce overall operating expenses and cash
         expenditures,

                                                                            60



117 sur 223                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




118 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         subsequent to the year ended December 31, 2022, on February 14, 2023, we terminated the lease of our Commerce,
         California commercialization center.

              Selling, General and Administrative (“SG&A”) Expenses

              SG&A expenses consist primarily of selling, marketing and administrative expenses, including personnel and related
         expenses, share-based compensation, outbound shipping and handling costs, non-manufacturing lease expense,
         depreciation and amortization expense on non-manufacturing and non-research and development assets, consulting fees
         and other non-production operating expenses. Marketing and selling expenses include advertising costs, share-based
         compensation awards to brand ambassadors, costs associated with consumer promotions, product donations, product
         samples and sales aids incurred to acquire new customers, retain existing customers and build our brand awareness.
         Administrative expenses include expenses related to management, accounting, legal, IT and other office functions. We
         expect SG&A expenses in 2023 to decrease from the levels in 2022, as we focus on reducing and optimizing operating
         expenses more broadly, including as part of the implementation of lean value streams across our beef, pork and poultry
         platforms.

             On August 3, 2022, we announced a reduction-in-force affecting approximately 4% of our global workforce. This
         reduction-in-force is expected to result in total annualized savings of approximately $8 million, excluding one-time
         separation costs of approximately $1 million, which we recorded in the third quarter of 2022 and reflected within the SG&A
         and Research and Development expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. On October 11, 2022, our Board of
         Directors approved a plan to reduce our workforce by an additional approximately 200 employees, representing
         approximately an additional 19% of our total global workforce, based on cost-reduction initiatives intended to reduce
         operating expenses. We incurred one-time cash charges of approximately $4 million in connection with the reduction in
         force of October 2022, primarily consisting of notice period and severance payments, employee benefits and related costs.
         The majority of these charges were incurred in the fourth quarter of 2022, and the reduction-in-force was substantially
         completed by the end of 2022.

              Restructuring Expenses

             In May 2017, management approved a plan to terminate an exclusive supply agreement with one of our co-
         manufacturers. On October 18, 2022, the parties entered into a confidential written settlement agreement and mutual
         release in connection with this matter. See Note 3, Restructuring, and Note 10, Commitments and Contingencies, to the
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included elsewhere in this report.



         Results of Operations

              The following table sets forth selected items in our statements of operations for the periods presented:

                                                                                               Year Ended December 31,
          (in thousands)                                                                2022            2021              2020
          Net revenues                                                            $      418,933 $         464,700 $       406,785
          Cost of goods sold                                                             442,676           347,419         284,510
          Gross profit                                                                   (23,743)          117,281         122,275
          Research and development expenses                                               62,264            66,946          31,535
          Selling, general and administrative expenses                                   239,505           209,474         133,655
          Restructuring expenses                                                          17,259            15,794           6,430
          Total operating expenses                                                       319,028           292,214         171,620
          Loss from operations                                                    $     (342,771) $       (174,933) $      (49,345)




                                                                         61



119 sur 223                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




120 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




             The following table presents selected items in our statements of operations as a percentage of net revenues for the
         periods presented:

                                                                                                  Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                        2022               2021                   2020
         Net revenues                                                                        100.0 %           100.0 %              100.0 %
         Cost of goods sold                                                                  105.7              74.8                 69.9
         Gross profit                                                                         (5.7)             25.2                 30.1
         Research and development expenses                                                    14.9              14.4                  7.7
         Selling, general and administrative expenses                                         57.2              45.1                 32.9
         Restructuring expenses                                                                4.1               3.4                  1.6
         Total operating expenses                                                             76.2              62.9                 42.2
         Loss from operations                                                                (81.9)%           (37.7)%              (12.1)%



         Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021

              Net Revenues

                                                                           Year Ended December 31,                       Change
         (in thousands)                                                     2022           2021                Amount               %
         U.S.:
             Retail                                                   $      234,744     $       243,360   $      (8,616)            (3.5)%
             Foodservice                                                      69,289              76,475          (7,186)            (9.4)%
         U.S. net revenues                                                   304,033             319,835         (15,802)            (4.9)%
         International:
             Retail                                                   $       60,907     $        81,483   $     (20,576)           (25.3)%
             Foodservice                                                      53,993              63,382          (9,389)           (14.8)%
         International net revenues                                          114,900             144,865         (29,965)           (20.7)%
         Net revenues                                                 $      418,933     $       464,700   $     (45,767)            (9.8)%

             Net revenues in the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by $45.8 million, or 9.8%, as compared to the prior
         year primarily due to a 10.2% decrease in net revenue per pound including the impact of unfavorable changes in foreign
         exchange rates, increased sales to liquidation channels and list price reductions in the U.S. and EU. Net revenues from
         foodservice channel sales decreased 11.9%,with a greater portion of the decrease from international foodservice channel
         sales. Net revenues from retail channel sales decreased 9.0% primarily due to reduced pricing, higher trade discounts,
         unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates and lower overall demand as a result of a deceleration in growth of the
         plant-based meat category.

              Net revenues from U.S. retail sales in the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased $8.6 million, or 3.5%, as
         compared to the prior year. Total pounds sold increased 0.5%, offset by a decrease of 4.0% in net revenue per pound
         attributable to lower pricing, including the impact of increased sales to liquidation channels, strategic but limited list price
         reductions and higher trade discounts. By product, the decrease in U.S. retail channel net revenues was primarily due to
         reduced sales of Beyond Burger and Beyond Dinner Sausage, partially offset by sales to TPP of Beyond Meat Jerky
         introduced in the first quarter of 2022, which contributed $33.5 million in net revenues.

            Net revenues from U.S. foodservice sales in the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased $7.2 million, or 9.4%, as
         compared to the prior year primarily driven by a decrease of 7.5% in net revenue per pound and a



                                                                           62



121 sur 223                                                                                                                        4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




122 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         2.0% decrease in total pounds sold. The decrease in net revenue per pound was primarily due to higher trade discounts
         and changes in sales mix. By product, the decrease in sales was primarily due to reduced sales of Beyond Burger and
         Beyond Breakfast Sausage driven by the discontinuation of distribution at a certain customer, partially offset by increased
         sales of chicken products, including sales to a large QSR customer and sales of Beyond Chicken Tenders and Beyond
         Sausage. Beyond Meat branded products were available at approximately 78,000 U.S. retail outlets and 43,000 U.S.
         foodservice outlets as of December 2022.

             Net revenues from international retail sales in the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased $20.6 million, or 25.3%,
         as compared to the prior year primarily driven by a 21.5% decrease in net revenue per pound and a 4.9% decrease in
         pounds sold. The decrease in net revenue per pound was primarily due to list price reductions in the EU implemented in
         the first quarter of 2022, impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates, increased trade discounts and changes in sales
         mix. By product, the decrease in sales was primarily due to decreases in sales of Beyond Burger, Beyond Sausage and
         Beyond Beef, partially offset by increases in sales of chicken products, including Beyond Chicken Tenders, and Beyond
         Breakfast Sausage.

             Net revenues from international foodservice channel sales in the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased
         $9.4 million, or 14.8%, as compared to the prior year primarily due to a 21.5% decrease in net revenue per pound, partially
         offset by an 8.6% increase in pounds sold. The decrease in net revenue per pound was mainly due to changes in sales
         mix, impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates and increased trade discounts. By product, the decrease in sales was
         primarily due to decreases in sales of Beyond Burger, Beyond Beef Crumble and Beyond Beef, partially offset by
         increases in sales of chicken products, including Beyond Chicken Tenders. Beyond Meat branded products were available
         at approximately 35,000 international retail and 34,000 international foodservice outlets as of December 2022.

                The following table presents volume of our products sold in pounds:

                                                                         Year Ended December 31,                 Change
         (in thousands)                                                   2022           2021           Amount            %
              U.S.:
                Retail                                                      44,784          44,568           216               0.5 %
                Foodservice                                                 12,786          13,047          (261)             (2.0)%
              International:
                Retail                                                      13,435          14,120           (685)            (4.9)%
                Foodservice                                                 13,951          12,848          1,103              8.6 %
         Volume of products sold                                            84,956          84,583            373             0.4 %



                Cost of Goods Sold

                                                                          Year Ended December 31,                    Change
         (in thousands)                                                    2022            2021            Amount              %
         Cost of goods sold                                          $      442,676   $      347,419   $     95,257             27.4 %

             Cost of goods sold increased by $95.3 million, or 27.4%, in 2022 as compared to the prior year. As a percentage of
         net revenues, cost of goods sold increased to 105.7% of net revenues in 2022 from 74.8% of net revenues in the prior
         year. The increase in cost of goods sold was primarily due to increased cost per pound and, to a lesser extent,
         increased pounds sold. The increase in cost per pound was primarily due to higher manufacturing costs including
         depreciation, increased logistics costs, higher inventory reserves and write-offs, and increased materials costs. In
         addition, the introduction of Beyond Meat Jerky in the first quarter of 2022 negatively impacted cost per pound in 2022
         compared to the prior year. Cost of goods sold in 2022 included underutilization fees and one-time termination costs
         associated with certain co-manufacturing


                                                                          63



123 sur 223                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




124 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         agreements in the amount of $9.1 million, in aggregate, as compared to amounts which were immaterial in the prior
         year.

              Cost of goods sold in 2022 included $22.6 million in write off of excess and obsolete inventories and $1.0 million in
         write down of inventory to lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost of goods sold in 2021 included $12.5 million in write
         off of excess and obsolete inventories and $0.8 million in write down of inventory to lower of cost or net realizable value.

              Gross Profit and Gross Margin

                                                                         Year Ended December 31,                      Change
         (in thousands)                                                   2022            2021               Amount            %
         Gross (loss) profit                                     $        (23,743)   $       117,281   $ (141,024)             (120.2)%
         Gross margin                                                         (5.7)%            25.2 %         N/A                  N/A

             Gross profit in 2022 was a loss of $23.7 million, or 5.7% of net revenues, as compared to gross profit of $117.3 million,
         or 25.2% of net revenues, in the prior year, a decline of $141.0 million. Gross margin in the year ended December 31,
         2022 decreased to a negative gross margin of 5.7% from a positive gross margin of 25.2% in the prior year. Despite a
         0.4% increase in total pounds sold, gross profit and gross margin decreased primarily as a result of increased cost per
         pound of approximately $1.10 and decreased net revenue per pound of approximately $0.56 in the year ended December
         31, 2022 compared to the prior year. Beyond Meat Jerky negatively impacted gross profit by approximately $19.3 million in
         the year ended December 31, 2022. Sales of Beyond Meat Jerky and sales into the liquidation channel were both
         headwinds to gross profit compared to the prior year. Approximately $9.1 million, in aggregate, of the underutilization fees
         and one-time termination costs associated with certain co-manufacturing agreements, including $4.1 million associated
         with Beyond Meat Jerky, negatively impacted gross profit in the year ended December 31, 2022. Gross profit per pound
         and gross margin declined primarily due to decreased revenue per pound due to changes in product mix and higher trade
         discounts, combined with increased manufacturing costs per pound including depreciation, higher logistics costs and
         materials cost. As disclosed in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies—Shipping and Handling Costs, in the
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report, we include outbound shipping and handling
         costs within SG&A expenses. As a result, our gross profit and gross margin may not be comparable to other entities that
         present all shipping and handling costs as a component of cost of goods sold.

              Research and Development Expenses

                                                                          Year Ended December 31,                     Change
         (in thousands)                                                    2022           2021               Amount            %
         Research and development expenses                           $         62,264    $     66,946    $     (4,682)           (7.0)%

             Research and development expenses decreased $4.7 million, or 7.0%, in 2022, as compared to the prior year.
         Research and development expenses decreased primarily due to $7.1 million in lower scale-up expenses compared to the
         prior year, partially offset by higher facility lease-related costs.

              SG&A Expenses

                                                                          Year Ended December 31,                     Change
         (in thousands)                                                    2022           2021               Amount            %
         Selling, general and administrative expenses                $      239,505      $    209,474    $     30,031           14.3 %

             SG&A expenses increased by $30.0 million, or 14.3%, in 2022, as compared to the prior year. The increase was
         primarily due to $12.8 million in higher marketing programs-related expenses including advertising costs incurred to raise
         awareness of our products both domestically and internationally; $11.2 million in higher



                                                                          64



125 sur 223                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




126 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         salaries and related expenses resulting from a higher headcount through the first three quarters of 2022 and severance-
         related expenses in the fourth quarter of 2022 associated with the October 2022 reduction in force; and $5.6 million in
         higher product donations.

              Restructuring Expenses

              As a result of the termination in May 2017 of an exclusive supply agreement with one of our co- manufacturers due to
         non-performance under the agreement, we recorded restructuring expenses of $17.3 million and $15.8 million in 2022 and
         2021, respectively, primarily related to legal and other expenses associated with the dispute. As of December 31, 2022
         and 2021, there were $0.7 million and $2.7 million, respectively, in accrued unpaid liabilities associated with this contract
         termination primarily representing legal fees. On October 18, 2022, the parties entered into a confidential written
         settlement agreement and mutual release in connection with this matter. See Note 3, Restructuring, and Note 10,
         Commitments and Contingencies, to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included elsewhere in this report.

              Loss from Operations

             Loss from operations in 2022 was $342.8 million compared to loss from operations of $174.9 million in the prior year.
         In addition to the decline in gross profit, the increase in loss from operations was also driven by higher SG&A and
         restructuring expenses, partially offset by lower research and development expenses.

              Total Other Expense, Net

              Total other expense, net in the year ended December 31, 2022 of $4.4 million consisted primarily of $4.0 million in
         interest expense from amortization of debt issuance costs and $4.9 million in foreign currency transaction losses, partially
         offset by $4.5 million in interest income. Total other expense, net in the year ended December 31, 2021 of $4.1 million
         consisted primarily of $3.6 million in interest expense from amortization of debt issuance costs, $1.0 million in loss on
         extinguishment of debt and $0.2 million in foreign currency transaction losses, partially offset by $0.2 million in interest
         income and $1.1 million in subsidies received from the Jiaxing Economic Development Zone Finance Bureau related to
         our investment in our subsidiary, Beyond Meat (Jiaxing) Food Co., Ltd. (“BYND JX”).

              Income Tax Expense

              For 2022 and 2021, we recorded an income tax expense of $32,000 and $60,000, respectively. These amounts
         primarily consist of income taxes for state jurisdictions which have minimum tax requirements. No tax benefit was provided
         for losses incurred because those losses were offset by a full valuation allowance.

              Net Loss

             Net loss was $366.1 million in 2022 compared to $182.1 million in the prior year. This increase in net loss was driven
         by the year-over-year decrease in gross profit and increase in operating expenses.

         Non-GAAP Financial Measures

             We use the non-GAAP financial measures set forth below in assessing our operating performance and in our financial
         communications. Management believes these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful additional information to
         investors about current trends in our operations and are useful for period-over-period comparisons of operations. In
         addition, management uses these non-GAAP financial measures to assess operating performance and for business
         planning purposes. Management also believes these measures are widely used by investors, securities analysts, rating
         agencies and other parties in evaluating companies in our industry as a measure of our operational performance. These
         non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the comparable GAAP
         measures. In addition, these non-GAAP financial measures may not be computed in the same manner as similarly titled
         measures used by other companies.




                                                                        65



127 sur 223                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




128 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




              “Adjusted EBITDA” is defined as net loss adjusted to exclude, when applicable, income tax (benefit) expense, interest
         expense, depreciation and amortization expense, restructuring expenses, share-based compensation expense, expenses
         attributable to COVID-19, and Other, net, including interest income, loss on extinguishment of debt and foreign currency
         transaction gains and losses.

              “Adjusted EBITDA as a % of net revenues” is defined as Adjusted EBITDA divided by net revenues.

             There are a number of limitations related to the use of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA as a % of net revenues
         rather than their most directly comparable GAAP measures. Some of these limitations are:

              •   Adjusted EBITDA excludes depreciation and amortization expense and, although these are non-cash expenses,
                  the assets being depreciated may have to be replaced in the future increasing our cash requirements;

              •   Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect interest expense, or the cash required to service our debt, which reduces cash
                  available to us;

              •   Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect income tax payments that reduce cash available to us;

              •   Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect restructuring expenses that reduce cash available to us;

              •   Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect expenses attributable to COVID-19 that reduce cash available to us;

              •   Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect share-based compensation expense and therefore does not include all of our
                  compensation costs;

              •   Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect Other, net, including interest income, loss on extinguishment of debt and foreign
                  currency transaction gains and losses, that may increase or decrease cash available to us; and

              •   other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently, which reduces
                  its usefulness as a comparative measure.




                                                                       66




129 sur 223                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                    https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




             The following table presents the reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to its most comparable GAAP measure, net loss,
         as reported (unaudited):

                                                                                                      Year Ended December 31,
         (in thousands)                                                                      2022              2021                    2020
         Net loss, as reported                                                        $     (366,137)  $         (182,105)  $          (52,752)
         Income tax expense                                                                       32                   60                   72
         Interest expense                                                                      3,966                3,648                2,576
         Depreciation and amortization expense                                                32,582               21,663               13,299
         Restructuring expenses(1)                                                            17,259               15,794                6,430
         Share-based compensation expense                                                     33,857               27,698               27,279
         Expenses attributable to COVID-19                                                        —                    —                14,137
         Other, net(2)                                                                           420                  487                  759
         Adjusted EBITDA                                                              $     (278,021)  $         (112,755)  $           11,800
         Net loss as a % of net revenues                                                       (87.4)%              (39.2)%              (13.0)%
         Adjusted EBITDA as a % of net revenues                                                (66.4)%              (24.3)%                 2.9 %

         _____________
         (1) Primarily comprised of legal and other expenses associated with the dispute with a co-manufacturer with whom an exclusive supply
             agreement was terminated in May 2017. See Note 3, Restructuring, and Note 10, Commitments and Contingencies, to the Notes to
             Consolidated Financial Statements, included elsewhere in this report.
         (2) Includes $4.9 million and $0.2 million in net foreign currency transaction losses in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Also includes $1.0
             million in loss on extinguishment of debt associated with termination of the Company’s credit facility in 2021.




                                                                               67




130 sur 223                                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         Liquidity and Capital Resources

              Convertible Senior Notes

             On March 5, 2021, we issued $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of our 0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2027
         (the “Convertible Notes”) in a private placement to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities
         Act. The initial purchasers of the Convertible Notes exercised their option to purchase an additional $150.0 million
         aggregate principal amount of our 0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the “Additional Notes”, and together with the
         Convertible Notes, the “Notes”), and such Additional Notes were issued on March 16, 2021. The initial conversion price of
         the Notes is $206.00 per share of common stock, which represents a premium of approximately 47.5% over the closing
         price of the Company’s common stock on March 2, 2021. The Notes will mature on March 15, 2027, unless earlier
         repurchased, redeemed or converted. The Notes were issued pursuant to, and are governed by, an indenture, dated as of
         March 5, 2021 (the “Indenture”), between us and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the “Trustee”). We used
         $84.0 million of the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes to fund the cost of entering into capped call transactions,
         described below. The proceeds from the issuance of the Notes were approximately $1.0 billion, net of capped call
         transaction costs of $84.0 million and debt issuance costs totaling $23.6 million. See Note 7, Debt, to the Notes to
         Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report.

              Capped Call Transactions

             On March 2, 2021, in connection with the pricing of the offering of the Convertible Notes, we entered into capped call
         transactions (the “Base Capped Call Transactions”) with the option counterparties and used $73.0 million in net proceeds
         from the sale of the Convertible Notes to fund the cost of the Base Capped Call Transactions. On March 12, 2021, in
         connection with the Additional Notes, we entered into capped call transactions (the “Additional Capped Call Transactions”)
         with the option counterparties and used $11.0 million of the net proceeds from the sale of the Additional Notes to fund the
         cost of the Additional Capped Call Transactions. The Base Capped Call Transactions and the Additional Capped Call
         Transactions (collectively, the “Capped Call Transactions”) cover, subject to customary adjustments, the aggregate number
         of shares of our common stock that will initially underlie the Notes, and are expected generally to reduce potential dilution
         to our common stock upon any conversion of Notes and/or offset any cash payments we may make in excess of the
         principal amount of the converted Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap, based on
         the cap price of the Capped Call Transactions. The cap price of the Capped Call Transactions is $279.32, which
         represents a premium of 100% over the last reported sale price of our common stock on March 2, 2021. The aggregate
         $84.0 million paid for the Capped Call Transactions was recorded as a reduction to APIC. See Note 7, Debt, to the Notes
         to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report.

              Revolving Credit Facility

             On March 2, 2021, we terminated our secured revolving credit agreement, dated as of April 21, 2020 (the “Credit
         Agreement”), among the Company, as borrower, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the
         administrative agent, and in connection with such termination: (i) all borrowings outstanding under the Credit Agreement
         were repaid in full by the Company; and (ii) all liens and security interests under the Credit Agreement in favor of the
         lenders thereunder were released. See Note 7, Debt, to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included
         elsewhere in this report.

              Liquidity Outlook

              In 2023, our cash from operations could be affected by various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the
         risks detailed in Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” and “Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” included elsewhere in
         this report. The COVID-19 pandemic, inflation, rising interest rates, overall economic conditions and hostilities in Eastern
         Europe have led to increased disruption and volatility in capital markets and credit markets generally which could
         adversely affect our liquidity and capital resources in the future. However, based on our current business plan, we believe
         that our existing cash balances along with our anticipated cash flow from operations will be sufficient to finance our
         operations and meet our foreseeable cash

                                                                         68



131 sur 223                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




132 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         requirements through at least the next twelve months. In the future, we may raise funds by issuing debt or equity
         securities. The sale of additional equity would result in additional dilution to our stockholders. The incurrence of debt
         financing would result in debt service obligations and the instruments governing such debt could provide for operating and
         financing covenants that would restrict our operations. Our cash requirements under our significant contractual obligations
         and commitments are listed below in the section titled “Contractual Obligations and Commitments.” In addition, our ability
         to meet our cash flow positive targets is subject to a number of assumptions and uncertainties, including, without limitation,
         our ability to reduce costs and achieve positive gross margins; our ability to meet certain revenue and operating expense
         targets, which may be subject to factors beyond our control; and our ability to monetize inventory and manage working
         capital.

               Our future capital requirements may vary materially from those currently planned and will depend on many factors,
         including our rate of revenue growth; the successful implementation of the cost-reduction initiatives described elsewhere in
         this report; timing to adjust our supply chain and cost structure in response to material fluctuations in product demand; the
         number and characteristics of any additional products or manufacturing processes we develop or acquire to serve new or
         existing markets; our investment in and build out of our Campus Headquarters; the expenses associated with our
         marketing initiatives; any continued impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic; our investment in manufacturing and facilities to
         expand our manufacturing and production capacity; our investments in real property and joint ventures; the costs required
         to fund domestic and international operations and growth; the scope, progress, results and costs of researching and
         developing future products or improvements to existing products or manufacturing processes; any lawsuits related to our
         products or commenced against us or our directors and officers; the expenses needed to attract and retain skilled
         personnel; the costs associated with being a public company; the costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting,
         maintaining, defending and enforcing intellectual property claims, including litigation costs and the outcome of such
         litigation; and the timing, receipt and amount of sales of, or royalties on, any future approved products, if any.

             We expect our operating expenses in 2023 to decrease from the levels in 2022, as we focus on reducing and
         optimizing operating expenses more broadly. We incurred one-time cash charges of approximately $4 million in connection
         with the October 2022 reduction in force, primarily consisting of notice period and severance payments, employee benefits
         and related costs. The majority of these charges were incurred in the fourth quarter of 2022, and the reduction-in-force
         was substantially completed by the end of 2022.

              Sources of Liquidity

              Our primary cash needs are for operating expenses, working capital and capital expenditures to support our business.
         Prior to our IPO, we financed our operations through private sales of equity securities and through sales of our products.
         Since our inception and through our IPO, we raised a total of $199.5 million from the sale of convertible preferred stock,
         including through sales of convertible notes which were converted into preferred stock, net of costs associated with such
         financings. In connection with our IPO, we sold an aggregate of 11,068,750 shares of our common stock at a public
         offering price of $25.00 per share and received approximately $252.4 million in net proceeds. On August 5, 2019, we
         completed a secondary public offering of our common stock in which we sold 250,000 shares and certain selling
         stockholders sold 3,487,500 shares. We sold 250,000 shares of our common stock at a public offering price of $160.00 per
         share and received approximately $37.4 million in net proceeds.

              In March 2021, we issued $1.2 billion in aggregate principal amount of Notes as discussed above. As of December 31,
         2022, we had $309.9 million in unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash of $12.6 million securing the
         letter of credit to support the development and leasing of our Campus Headquarters.




                                                                        69




133 sur 223                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




              Cash Flows

             The following table presents the major components of net cash flows used in and provided by operating, investing and
         financing activities for the periods indicated.

                                                                                                Year Ended December 31,
         (in thousands)                                                                  2022            2021               2020
         Cash (used in) provided by:
          Operating activities                                                     $     (320,244) $      (301,370) $        (39,995)
          Investing activities                                                     $      (87,527) $      (147,479) $        (74,900)
          Financing activities                                                     $          276 $      1,022,322 $          (1,762)

              Net Cash Used in Operating Activities

             For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a net loss of $366.1 million, which was the primary reason for net
         cash used in operating activities of $320.2 million. Net cash outflows from changes in operating assets and liabilities were
         primarily due to $55.1 million in cash outflows associated with the prepaid lease costs for the Campus Lease (see Note 10,
         Commitments and Contingencies, to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report),
         payments toward accounts payable and a decrease in accrued expenses. The net cash outflows were partially offset by a
         decrease in accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other assets and decrease in inventory. Net loss for the year
         ended December 31, 2022, included $100.1 million in non-cash expenses primarily comprised of share-based
         compensation expense, depreciation and amortization expense, non-cash lease expense, unrealized loss on foreign
         currency transactions and amortization of debt issuance costs.

              For the year ended December 31, 2021, we incurred a net loss of $182.1 million, which was the primary reason for net
         cash used in operating activities of $301.4 million. Net cash outflows from changes in operating assets and liabilities were
         primarily due to the increase in all three classes of inventory, cash outflows associated with the escrow payments for the
         Campus Lease, increase in prepaid expenses and other assets and increase in accounts receivable. The net cash
         outflows were partially offset by an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses. Net loss for the year ended
         December 31, 2021 included $60.3 million in non-cash expenses primarily comprised of share-based compensation
         expense, depreciation and amortization expense, non-cash lease expense, amortization of debt issuance costs and loss
         on extinguishment of debt.

            Depreciation and amortization expense was $32.6 million and $21.7 million in the years ended December 31, 2022
         and 2021, respectively.

              Net Cash Used in Investing Activities

             Net cash used in investing activities primarily relates to capital expenditures to support our growth and investment in
         property, plant and equipment.

              For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities was $87.5 million and consisted of $70.5
         million in cash outflows for purchases of property, plant and equipment, primarily driven by continued investments in
         production equipment and facilities related to our capacity expansion initiatives and international expansion, and $13.3
         million for investment in TPP.

              For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in investing activities was $147.5 million and consisted of
         $136.0 million in cash outflows for purchases of property, plant and equipment, primarily driven by continued investments
         in production equipment and facilities related to our capacity expansion initiatives and international expansion, $11.0
         million for investment in TPP.




                                                                        70



134 sur 223                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




135 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




              Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities

             For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities was $0.3 million primarily from
         $1.6 million in proceeds from stock option exercises, partially offset by $1.1 million in payments of minimum withholding
         taxes on net share settlement of equity awards and payments under finance lease obligations.

              For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was $1.0 billion primarily from the
         proceeds of the Notes of $1.1 billion net of purchased capped call transaction amounts and $8.1 million in proceeds from
         stock option exercises, partially offset by repayment of our revolving credit facility balance of $25.0 million, debt issuance
         costs of $23.6 million associated with the Notes, $3.1 million in payments of minimum withholding taxes on net share
         settlement of equity awards and payments under finance lease obligations.

         Contractual Obligations and Commitments

              Convertible Senior Notes

             On March 5, 2021, we issued $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of Convertible Notes and on March 16, 2021, we
         issued $150.0 million aggregate principal amount of Additional Notes. The proceeds from the issuance of the Notes were
         approximately $1.0 billion, net of capped call transaction costs of $84.0 million and debt issuance costs totaling
         $23.6 million. See Note 7, Debt, to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report.

              Leases

             On January 14, 2021, we entered into the Campus Lease with HC Hornet Way, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
         company (the “Landlord”), to house our Campus Headquarters. Although we are involved in the design of the tenant
         improvements of the Campus Headquarters, we do not have title or possession of the assets during construction. In
         addition, we do not have the ability to control the leased Campus Headquarters until each phase of the tenant
         improvements is complete. We contributed $55.1 million and $59.2 million in payments towards the construction of the
         Campus Headquarters in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These payments are initially
         recorded in “Prepaid lease costs, non-current” in the Company’s consolidated balance sheet and will ultimately be
         recorded as a component of a right-of-use asset upon lease commencement for each phase of the lease. During 2022, the
         tenant improvements associated with Phase 1-A were completed and the underlying asset was delivered to us. As such,
         upon the commencement of Phase 1-A, we recognized a $64.1 million right-of-use asset, which included the
         reclassification of $27.7 million of the construction payments previously included in “Prepaid lease costs, non-current,” and
         a $36.6 million lease liability. Aggregate payments towards base rent over the initial lease term associated with the
         remaining phases not yet delivered to us will be approximately $118.4 million.

             Concurrent with our execution of the Campus Lease, as a security deposit, we delivered to the Landlord a letter of
         credit in the amount of $12.5 million. The letter of credit is secured by a $12.6 million deposit reflected in our consolidated
         balance sheet as “Restricted cash” as of December 31, 2022. See Note 4, Leases, and Note 10, Commitments and
         Contingencies, to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report.

              China Investment and Lease Agreement

             On September 22, 2020, we and our subsidiary, BYND JX, entered into an investment agreement with the
         Administrative Committee (the “JX Committee”) of the Jiaxing Economic & Technological Development Zone (the “JXEDZ”)
         pursuant to which, among other things, BYND JX has agreed to make certain investments in the JXEDZ in two phases of
         development, and we have agreed to guarantee certain repayment obligations of BYND JX under such agreement.




                                                                          71




136 sur 223                                                                                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




              During Phase 1, we agreed to invest $10.0 million as the registered capital of BYND JX in the JXEDZ through an
         intercompany investment in BYND JX and BYND JX agreed to lease a facility in the JXEDZ for a minimum of two years. In
         connection with such agreement, BYND JX entered into a factory leasing contract with an affiliate of the JX Committee,
         pursuant to which BYND JX agreed to lease and renovate a facility in the JXEDZ for a minimum of two years. In 2022, we
         amended the lease to extend the term for an additional five years without rent escalation. In the fourth quarter of 2021,
         BYND JX leased an approximately 12,000 square foot facility in Shanghai, China, for a period of eight years, which is used
         as a local research and development facility to support the local manufacturing operations.

              In the event that we and BYND JX determine, in our sole discretion, to proceed with the Phase 2 development in the
         JXEDZ, BYND JX has agreed in the first stage of Phase 2 to increase its registered capital to $40.0 million and to acquire
         the land use right to a state-owned land plot in the JXEDZ to conduct development and construction of a new production
         facility. Following the first stage of Phase 2, we and BYND JX may determine, in our sole discretion, to permit BYND JX to
         obtain a second state-owned land plot in the JXEDZ in order to construct an additional facility thereon. See Note 10,
         Commitments and Contingencies, to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report.

             In the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we received $0 and $1.1 million, respectively, in subsidies related to
         our investment in BYND JX from JXEDZ Finance Bureau. As of December 31, 2022, we had invested $22.0 million as the
         registered capital of BYND JX and advanced $20.0 million to BYND JX. See Note 10, Commitments and Contingencies, to
         the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report.

              The Planet Partnership

             On January 25, 2021, we entered into TPP, a joint venture with PepsiCo, Inc., to develop, produce and market
         innovative snack products made from plant-based protein. We recognized our share of the net losses in TPP in the amount
         of $18.9 million and $3.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the years ended
         December 31, 2022 and 2021, we contributed our share of the investment in TPP of $13.3 million and $11.0 million,
         respectively. Subsequent to the year ended December 31, 2022, we contributed an additional $3.3 million as our share of
         the additional investment in TPP.

            In the fourth quarter of 2022, we began taking steps to restructure certain contracts and operating activities related to
         Beyond Meat Jerky. Such activities are expected to continue through most of 2023.

              Purchase Commitments

              On July 27, 2022, we entered into an agreement to purchase certain property on a neighboring site to our
         manufacturing facility in Europe located in Enschede, the Netherlands, for cash consideration of approximately €6.3
         million, of which a €0.9 million deposit was made during 2022. The purchase is expected to close in the second half of
         2023.

              We have a multi-year agreement with Roquette for the supply of pea protein which expires on December 31, 2023.
         The plant-based protein sourced under the supply agreement is secured on a purchase order basis regularly, per specified
         minimum monthly and semi-annual quantities, throughout the term. We are not required to purchase plant based protein in
         amounts in excess of such specified minimum quantities; however the Company has the option to increase such minimum
         quantities for delivery. The total annual amount purchased each year by us must be at least the minimum amount specified
         in the agreement, which totals in the aggregate $154.1 million over the term of the agreement. We also have the right to be
         indemnified by Roquette in certain circumstances. As of December 31, 2022, we had committed to purchase pea protein
         inventory totaling $40.2 million in 2023.

              As of December 31, 2022, we had $84.6 million in fee commitments to manufacture products at a co-manufacturer’s
         facility over a 5-year term (see Note 10, Commitments and Contingencies, to the Notes to Consolidated Financial
         Statements included elsewhere in this report). In addition, as of December 31, 2022, we




                                                                        72



137 sur 223                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




138 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                      https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         had approximately $28.8 million in purchase order commitments for capital expenditures primarily to purchase machinery
         and equipment, including the Enschede facility. Payments for these purchases will be due within twelve months of
         December 31, 2022.

                The following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022:

                                                                                        Payments Due by Period
                                                                                Less Than                                            More Than
          (in thousands)                                       Total            One Year      1-3 Years        3-5 Years             Five Years
          Operating lease obligations(1)(2)               $      92,581     $         7,027   $      13,922    $       12,726    $       58,906
          Financing lease obligations(3)                            738                 244             387               107                —
          Convertible debt(4)                                 1,133,608                  —               —          1,133,608                —
          Purchase commitments—inventory(5)                      40,156              40,156              —                 —                 —
          Purchase commitments—assets(6)                         28,785              28,785              —                 —                 —
          Co-manufacturer commitments(7)                         84,624              10,068          23,640            50,916                —
          TPP(8)                                                  3,250               3,250              —                 —                 —
              Total                                       $   1,383,742     $        89,530   $      37,949    $    1,197,357    $       58,906
              ___________________
              (1) Includes lease payments for our former Manhattan Beach Project Innovation Center, obligations under the Campus Lease
                  relating to Phase 1-A, our manufacturing facilities in Columbia, Missouri, our commercialization center in Commerce, California,
                  and all other operating lease obligations. Subsequent to the year ended December 31, 2022, on February 14, 2023, the lease on
                  our commercialization center in Commerce, California was terminated. See Note 14, Subsequent Event, to the Notes to
                  Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report.
              (2) Excludes obligations under Campus Lease, except for those relating to Phase 1-A. See Note 10, Commitments and
                  Contingencies, to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report.
              (3) Consists of payments under various financing leases for certain equipment.
              (4) Includes principal amount under our Notes issued March 2021. See Note 7, Debt, to the Notes to Consolidated Financial
                  Statements included elsewhere in this report.
              (5) Consists of commitments to purchase pea protein inventory.
              (6) Consists of commitments to purchase property, plant and equipment, including the commitment to purchase the Enschede facility.
              (7) Consists of commitments to co-manufacturer.
              (8) Consists of 2023 investment in TPP.
         Segment Information

             We have one operating segment and one reportable segment, as our CODM, who is our Chief Executive Officer,
         reviews financial information on an aggregate basis for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial
         performance.

         Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

              In preparing our financial statements in accordance with GAAP, we are required to make estimates and assumptions
         that affect the amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses, and disclosure of contingent assets and
         liabilities that are reported in the financial statements and accompanying disclosures. We evaluate our estimates and
         assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions that
         we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Our actual results may differ from these estimates and
         assumptions. To the extent that there are differences between our estimates and actual results, our future financial
         statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will be affected.

             We believe that the estimates, assumptions and judgments involved in the accounting policies described below have
         the greatest potential impact on our financial statements because they involve the most difficult,




                                                                                73



139 sur 223                                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




140 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         subjective or complex judgments about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Therefore, we consider these to
         be our critical accounting policies. Accordingly, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our
         actual results may differ from these estimates and assumptions. See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,
         to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report for information about these critical
         accounting policies as well as a description of our other accounting policies.

              Revenue Recognition

              Our revenues are generated through sales of our products to distributors or customers. Revenue is recognized at the
         point in which the performance obligation under the terms of a contract with the customer have been satisfied and control
         has transferred. The Company’s performance obligation is typically defined as the accepted purchase order, the direct-to-
         consumer order, or the contract, with the customer which requires the Company to deliver the requested products at
         agreed upon prices at the time and location of the customer’s choice. The Company generally does not offer warranties or
         a right to return on the products it sells except in the instance of a product recall or other limited circumstances.

             Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for fulfilling the
         performance obligation. Sales and other taxes the Company collects concurrent with the sale of products are excluded
         from revenue. The Company's normal payment terms vary by the type and location of its customers and the products
         offered. The time between invoicing and when payment is due is not significant. None of the Company's customer
         contracts as of December 31, 2022 contains a significant financing component.

             The Company routinely offers sales discounts and promotions through various programs to its customers and
         consumers. These programs include rebates, temporary on-shelf price reductions, off-invoice discounts, retailer
         advertisements, product coupons and other trade activities. Provision for discounts and incentives are recorded in the
         same period in which the related revenues are recognized. At the end of each accounting period, the Company recognizes
         a contra asset to accounts receivable for estimated sales discounts that have been incurred but not paid. The offsetting
         charge is recorded as a reduction of revenues in the same period when the expense is incurred.

             The Company recognizes the incremental costs of obtaining contracts as an expense when incurred if the amortization
         period of the assets that the Company otherwise would have recognized is one year or less. The incremental cost to
         obtain contracts was not material.

              Inventories and Cost of Goods Sold

              Inventories are recorded at lower of cost or net realizable value. The Company accounts for inventory using the
         weighted average cost method. In addition to product cost, inventory costs include expenditures such as direct labor and
         certain supply and overhead expenses including in-bound shipping and handling costs incurred in bringing the inventory to
         its existing condition and location. Inventories are comprised primarily of raw materials, direct labor and overhead costs.
         Weighted average cost method is used to absorb raw materials, direct labor, and overhead into inventory. The Company
         reviews inventory quantities on hand and records a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based primarily on
         historical and forecasted demand, estimated shelf life of various raw materials and packaging, work in process and
         finished goods inventory, as well as the age of the inventory, among other factors.

         Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements

              Please refer to Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
         included elsewhere in this report for a discussion of recently adopted accounting pronouncements and new accounting
         pronouncements that may impact us.




                                                                       74




141 sur 223                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

             We are exposed to certain market risks in the ordinary course of our business, including fluctuations in interest rates,
         raw material prices, foreign currency exchange fluctuations and inflation as follows:

              Interest Rate Risk

             Our cash consists of amounts held by third-party financial institutions. Our investment policy has as its primary
         objective investment activities which preserve principal without significantly increasing risk.

             On March 2, 2021, we terminated our revolving credit facility. In the year ended December 31, 2021, we incurred
         $0.3 million in interest expense related to our bank credit facilities. Upon termination of the revolving credit facility,
         unamortized debt issuance costs of $1.0 million associated with the revolving credit facility were written off as “Loss on
         extinguishment of debt,” which is included in “Other, net” in our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended
         December 31, 2021.

              On March 5, 2021, we issued $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of Convertible Notes and on March 16, 2021, we
         issued $150.0 million aggregate principal amount of Additional Notes. The proceeds from the issuance of the Notes were
         approximately $1.0 billion, net of capped call transaction costs of $84.0 million and debt issuance costs totaling $23.6
         million. See Note 7, Debt, to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. The Notes
         do not bear regular interest, and the principal amount of the Notes do not accrete. However, special interest and additional
         interest may accrue on the Notes at a rate per annum not exceeding 0.50% (subject to certain exceptions) upon the
         occurrence of certain events relating to the failure to file certain SEC reports or to remove certain restrictive legends from
         the Notes.

              Ingredient Risk

             We are exposed to risk related to the price and availability of our ingredients because our profitability is dependent on,
         among other things, our ability to anticipate and react to raw material and food costs. Currently, the main ingredient in our
         products is pea protein, which is sourced from peas grown in the United States, France and Canada. The prices of pea
         protein and other ingredients we use are subject to many factors beyond our control, such as the number and size of farms
         that grow yellow peas, the vagaries of the farming businesses, including poor harvests due to adverse weather conditions,
         natural disasters and pestilence, and changes in national and world economic conditions, including as a result of
         COVID-19. In addition, we purchase some ingredients and other materials offshore, and the price and availability of such
         ingredients and materials may be affected by political events or other conditions in these countries or tariffs or trade wars.

             During the year ended December 31, 2022, a hypothetical 10% increase or 10% decrease in the weighted-average
         cost of pea protein, our primary ingredient, would have resulted in an increase of approximately $3.1 million, or a decrease
         of approximately $3.1 million, respectively, to cost of goods sold. We are working to diversify our sources of supply and
         intend to enter into long-term contracts to better ensure stability of prices of our raw materials. As of December 31, 2022,
         we had a multi-year sales agreement with Roquette which expires in December 2023. See Note 10, Commitments and
         Contingencies, to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report.

              Foreign Currency Risk

             We are exposed to foreign currency risks that arise from normal business operations. These risks include the
         translation of local currency balances of foreign subsidiaries, transaction gains and losses associated with intercompany
         loans with foreign subsidiaries and transactions denominated in currencies other than a location's functional currency. Our
         foreign entities use their local currency as the functional currency. For these entities, we translate net assets into U.S.
         dollars at period end exchange rates, while revenue and expense accounts are translated at average exchange rates
         prevailing during the periods being reported. Resulting currency translation adjustments are included in “Accumulated
         other comprehensive income” and foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in “Other, net.” Transaction
         gains and losses on long-term intra-entity transactions are recorded as a component of “Other comprehensive loss.”
         Transactions denominated in a

                                                                         75



142 sur 223                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




143 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         currency other than the reporting entity’s functional currency may give rise to transaction gains and losses that impact our
         results of operations.

             Our foreign exchange risk is primarily related to our intercompany balances denominated in various foreign currencies.
         We have exposure to the European Euro and the Chinese Yuan. Unrealized translation losses, net of tax, reported as
         cumulative translation adjustments through “Other comprehensive loss” were $4.2 million and $2.3 million for the years
         ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Foreign currency transaction losses included in “Other, net” were
         $4.9 million and $0.2 million, respectively, in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

            Based on the intercompany balances as of December 31, 2022, an assumed 5% or 10% adverse change to foreign
         exchange rates would result in a loss of approximately $4.4 million or $8.8 million, respectively, recorded in “Other, net.”

              Inflation Risk

              Although we have seen inflation in certain raw materials, and in the cost of logistics and labor, we do not believe that
         inflation has had a material effect on the costs of our inputs to date. Although difficult to quantify, we believe inflation is
         likely having an adverse effect on our end customers’ ability to purchase our products, resulting in decreased sales. If our
         costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs
         through price increases. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, results of operations and financial
         condition. For additional information, see Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business—Inflationary price pressures of
         raw materials, labor, transportation, fuel or other inputs used by us and our suppliers, including the effects of rising interest
         rates, could negatively impact our business and results of operations.




                                                                          76




144 sur 223                                                                                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.



                                           INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                         Page
              Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm                             (PCAOB ID:34)                 78
              Consolidated Balance Sheets                                                                                       80
              Consolidated Statements of Operations                                                                             81
              Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss                                                                     82
              Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ (Deficit) Equity                                                         83
              Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                                                             84
              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                        86




                                                                          77




145 sur 223                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




                                 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

         To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Beyond Meat, Inc.


         Opinion on the Financial Statements

         We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Beyond Meat, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company")
         as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders’
         equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes
         (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material
         respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and
         its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles
         generally accepted in the United States of America.

         We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
         States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria
         established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
         the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 1, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's
         internal control over financial reporting.

         Basis for Opinion

         These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an
         opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the
         PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
         laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

         We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and
         perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
         misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
         misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those
         risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
         financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
         management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
         a reasonable basis for our opinion.

         Critical Audit Matter

         The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements
         that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or
         disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex
         judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements,
         taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the
         critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

         Inventory — Provision for Excess and Obsolete Inventory — Refer to Notes 2 and 5 to the financial statements

         Critical Audit Matter Description

         The Company accounts for inventory using the weighted average cost method and records inventory at the lower of cost
         or net realizable value.




                                                                           78



146 sur 223                                                                                                                       4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




147 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         The inventory balance as of December 31, 2022, was $235.7 million. The provision for excess and obsolete inventory
         recorded as of December 31, 2022, was $17.8 million. The determination of the provision to be recorded for excess and
         obsolete inventory requires management to evaluate historical demand for and the age of existing inventory quantities on
         hand, as well as make significant estimates and assumptions regarding forecasts of future demand for the Company’s
         products and the shelf life of various raw materials and packaging, work in process, and finished goods.

         We identified the provision for excess and obsolete inventory as a critical audit matter because of the high degree of
         auditor judgment and effort required when performing audit procedures to evaluate management’s estimates and
         assumptions described above due to their subjective nature.

         How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

         Our audit procedures related to the provision for excess and obsolete inventory included the following, among others:

         • We obtained an understanding of the process and assumptions used by management to determine the provision for
            excess and obsolete inventory.

         • We evaluated the appropriateness of key inputs supporting management's estimate, including historical demand levels,
            the age of existing quantities on hand, forecasts of future demand, and shelf life.

         • We evaluated trends in the recorded inventory balance and inventory turnover ratio.

         • We tested the mathematical accuracy of management's key calculations supporting the provision recorded.


         /s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP

         Los Angeles, California
         March 1, 2023

         We have served as the Company's auditor since 2015.




                                                                        79




148 sur 223                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




                                                    BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                                         Consolidated Balance Sheets
                                                (In thousands, except share and per share data)
                                                                                                          December 31,
                                                                                                   2022                  2021
         Assets
         Current assets:
           Cash and cash equivalents                                                       $          309,922   $          733,294
           Accounts receivable, net                                                                    34,198               43,806
           Inventory                                                                                  235,696              241,870
           Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                                   20,700               33,078
           Assets held for sale                                                                         5,943                   —
             Total current assets                                                                     606,459            1,052,048
         Restricted cash                                                                               12,627                   —
         Property, plant, and equipment, net                                                          257,002              226,489
         Operating lease right-of-use assets                                                           87,595               26,815
         Prepaid lease costs, non-current                                                              85,472               59,188
         Other non-current assets, net                                                                 10,744                6,836
         Investment in unconsolidated joint venture                                                     2,325                8,023
                 Total assets                                                              $        1,062,224   $        1,379,399
         Liabilities and stockholders’ (deficit) equity:
         Current liabilities:
           Accounts payable                                                                $           55,300   $           69,040
           Current portion of operating lease liabilities                                               3,812                4,458
             Accrued expenses and other current liabilities                                            16,729               20,691
             Total current liabilities                                                     $           75,841   $           94,189
         Long-term liabilities:
           Convertible senior notes, net                                                   $        1,133,608   $        1,129,674
           Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion                                         55,854               22,599
           Finance lease obligations and other long term liabilities                                      469                  442
           Total long-term liabilities                                                     $        1,189,931   $        1,152,715
         Commitments and contingencies (Note 10)
         Stockholders’ (deficit) equity:
         Preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share—500,000 shares authorized, none
           issued and outstanding                                                          $                —   $               —
         Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share—500,000,000 shares authorized at
           December 31, 2022 and 2021; 63,773,982 and 63,400,899 shares issued and
           outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively                                          6                    6
         Additional paid-in capital                                                                   544,357              510,014
         Accumulated deficit                                                                         (743,109)            (376,972)
         Accumulated other comprehensive loss                                                          (4,802)                (553)
           Total stockholders’ (deficit) equity                                            $         (203,548) $           132,495
                Total liabilities and stockholders’ (deficit) equity                       $        1,062,224 $          1,379,399
                              The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                        80




149 sur 223                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




                                                 BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                                  Consolidated Statements of Operations
                                             (In thousands, except share and per share data)


                                                                                        Year Ended December 31,
                                                                             2022                2021                 2020
         Net revenues                                               $           418,933 $           464,700 $            406,785
         Cost of goods sold                                                     442,676             347,419              284,510
         Gross (loss) profit                                                    (23,743)            117,281              122,275
         Research and development expenses                                       62,264              66,946               31,535
         Selling, general and administrative expenses                           239,505             209,474              133,655
         Restructuring expenses                                                  17,259              15,794                6,430
         Total operating expenses                                               319,028             292,214              171,620
         Loss from operations                                                  (342,771)           (174,933)             (49,345)
         Other expense, net:
         Interest expense                                                        (3,966)             (3,648)              (2,576)
         Other, net                                                                (420)               (487)                (759)
         Total other expense, net                                                (4,386)             (4,135)              (3,335)
         Loss before taxes                                                     (347,157)           (179,068)             (52,680)
         Income tax expense                                                          32                  60                   72
         Equity in losses of unconsolidated joint venture                        18,948               2,977                   —
         Net loss                                                   $          (366,137) $         (182,105) $           (52,752)
         Net loss per share available to common stockholders
          —basic and diluted                                        $               (5.75) $           (2.88) $              (0.85)
         Weighted average common shares outstanding—basic
          and diluted                                                        63,622,432          63,172,368           62,290,445

                          The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                        81




150 sur 223                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                           https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




                                               BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                            Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss
                                                             (In thousands)

                                                                                        Year Ended December 31,
                                                                              2022               2021                2020


         Net loss                                                       $       (366,137) $         (182,105) $         (52,752)
         Other comprehensive loss, net of tax:
          Foreign currency translation (loss) gain, net of tax                    (4,249)             (2,301)             1,748
         Comprehensive loss, net of tax                                 $       (370,386) $         (184,406) $         (51,004)
                          The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



                                                                      82




151 sur 223                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




                                                 BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                          Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ (Deficit) Equity
                                                     (In thousands, except share data)
                                            Common Stock
                                                                    Additional                          Accumulated
                                                                     Paid-in         Accumulated      Comprehensive
                                          Shares           Amount    Capital            Deficit        Income (Loss)        Total
              Balance at December
              31, 2019                   61,576,494    $        6   $ 526,199    $      (142,115) $               —     $    384,090
              Net loss                             —           —            —            (52,752)                 —          (52,752)
              Issuance of common
                stock under equity
                incentive plans, net      1,243,857            —        6,732                 —                   —             6,732
              Share-based
                compensation for
                equity classified
                awards                             —           —       27,279                 —                   —           27,279
              Foreign currency
                translation adjustment             —           —            —                 —                1,748            1,748
              Balance at December
              31, 2020                   62,820,351    $        6   $ 560,210    $      (194,867) $            1,748    $    367,097
              Net loss                             —           —            —           (182,105)                 —         (182,105)
              Issuance of common
                stock under equity
                incentive plans, net       580,548             —        5,055                 —                   —             5,055
              Share-based
                compensation for
                equity classified
                awards                             —           —       28,699                 —                   —           28,699
              Purchase of capped
                calls related to
                convertible senior
                notes                              —           —      (83,950)                —                   —          (83,950)
              Foreign currency
                translation adjustment             —           —            —                 —               (2,301)          (2,301)
              Balance at December
              31, 2021                   63,400,899    $        6   $ 510,014    $      (376,972) $             (553) $      132,495
              Net loss                             —           —            —           (366,137)                 —         (366,137)
              Issuance of common
                stock under equity
                incentive plans, net       373,083             —          486                 —                   —                 486
              Share-based
                compensation for
                equity classified
                awards                             —           —       33,857                 —                   —           33,857
              Foreign currency
                translation adjustment             —           —            —                 —               (4,249)          (4,249)
              Balance at December
              31, 2022                   63,773,982    $        6   $ 544,357    $      (743,109) $           (4,802) $     (203,548)


                            The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                          83



152 sur 223                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




153 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




                                                     BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                                     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
                                                                 (In thousands)
                                                                                                Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                         2022            2021              2020
         Cash flows from operating activities:
              Net loss                                                            $      (366,137) $     (182,105) $        (52,752)
              Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating
               activities:
               Depreciation and amortization                                               32,582           21,663           13,299
               Non-cash lease expense                                                       5,167            3,418            2,341
               Share-based compensation expense                                            33,857           27,698           27,279
               Loss on sale of fixed assets                                                   486              199              222
               Amortization of debt issuance costs                                          3,934            3,322              256
               Loss on extinguishment of debt                                                  —             1,037            1,538
               Equity in losses of unconsolidated joint venture                            18,948            2,977               —
               Unrealized loss on foreign currency transactions                             5,106               —                —
              Net change in operating assets and liabilities:
                Accounts receivable                                                          9,063         (8,463)            4,516
                Inventories                                                                  2,572       (122,666)          (38,863)
                Prepaid expenses and other assets                                           11,595        (21,414)           (9,699)
                Accounts payable                                                          (10,826)         21,665            16,027
                Accrued expenses and other current liabilities                              (7,148)        13,961            (1,965)
                Prepaid lease costs, non-current                                           (55,110)       (59,188)               —
                Operating lease liabilities                                                 (4,333)        (3,474)           (2,194)
                  Net cash used in operating activities                           $      (320,244) $     (301,370) $        (39,995)
         Cash flows from investing activities:
              Purchases of property, plant and equipment                          $       (70,475) $     (135,961) $        (57,696)
              Asset acquisition                                                                —                —           (15,482)
              Purchases of property, plant and equipment held for sale                     (2,821)              —            (2,288)
              Proceeds from note receivable on assets previously held for sale                 —                —               599
              Payments for investment in joint venture                                    (13,250)         (11,000)              —
              Payment of security deposits                                                   (981)            (518)             (33)
                 Net cash used in investing activities                            $       (87,527) $     (147,479) $        (74,900)

         Cash flows from financing activities:
              Proceeds from revolving credit facility                                           —              —             50,000
              Proceeds from issuance of convertible senior notes                                —       1,150,000                —
              Purchase of capped calls related to convertible senior notes                      —         (83,950)               —
                                                          (continued on the next page)




                                                                          84




154 sur 223                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




                                                   BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                                   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
                                                                  (In thousands)
                                                                                                Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                        2022             2021               2020
           Debt issuance costs                                                                 —            (23,605)          (1,224)
           Debt extinguishment costs                                                           —                 —            (1,200)
           Repayment of revolving credit facility                                              —            (25,000)         (25,000)
           Repayment of revolving credit line                                                  —                 —            (6,000)
           Repayment of term loan                                                              —                 —           (20,000)
           Repayment of equipment loan                                                         —                 —            (5,000)
           Principal payments under finance lease obligations                                (210)             (177)             (70)
           Proceeds from exercise of stock options                                          1,626             8,135            9,007
           Payments of minimum withholding taxes on net share settlement
             of equity awards                                                              (1,140)          (3,081)            (2,275)
                Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                 $         276 $      1,022,322 $           (1,762)
         Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted
         cash                                                                       $    (407,495) $       573,473     $    (116,657)
         Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the beginning of the
           period                                                                         733,294          159,127           275,988
         Effect of exchange rate changes on cash                                           (3,250)             694              (204)
         Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the end of the period        $     322,549 $        733,294     $     159,127

         Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:
              Cash paid (received) during the period for:
               Interest                                                             $          10    $          348 $          2,564
               Taxes                                                                $          38    $          (10) $            18
              Non-cash investing and financing activities:
               Non-cash additions to property, plant and equipment                  $       3,507    $        5,239    $      10,719
               Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for
                 lease liabilities                                                  $      37,245    $      16,701     $       4,706
               Reclassification of pre-paid lease costs to operating lease right-
                 of-use assets                                                      $      29,000    $           —     $          —
               Non-cash addition to financing leases                                $         280    $          580    $          —
               Note receivable from sale of assets held for sale                    $          —     $           —     $       4,558
               Reclassification of other current liability to additional paid-in
                 capital in connection with the share-settled obligation            $          —     $        2,535    $           —
                                                                     (concluded)

                             The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                           85




155 sur 223                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




                                                 BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

         Note 1. Introduction

              The Company

              Beyond Meat, Inc., a Delaware corporation (including its subsidiaries unless the context otherwise requires, the
         “Company”), is a leading plant-based meat company offering a portfolio of revolutionary plant-based meats. The Company
         builds meat directly from plants, an innovation that enables consumers to experience the taste, texture and other sensory
         attributes of popular animal-based meat products while enjoying the nutritional and environmental benefits of eating the
         Company’s plant-based meat products. The Company’s brand promise, “Eat What You Love,” represents a strong belief
         that there is a better way to feed our future and that the positive choices we all make, no matter how small, can have a
         great impact on our personal health and the health of our planet. By shifting from animal-based meat to plant-based meat,
         we can positively impact four growing global issues: human health, climate change, constraints on natural resources and
         animal welfare.

             On September 7, 2018, the Company changed its name from Savage River, Inc. to Beyond Meat, Inc. On January 14,
         2020, the Company registered its subsidiary, Beyond Meat EU B.V., in the Netherlands. On April 28, 2020, the Company
         registered its subsidiary, Beyond Meat (Jiaxing) Food Co., Ltd. (“BYND JX”), in the Zhejiang Province in China. On June
         17, 2021, the Company incorporated its subsidiary, Beyond Meat Canada Inc., in Canada. On January 25, 2021, the
         Company entered into the Planet Partnership, LLC, a joint venture with PepsiCo, Inc., to develop, produce and market
         innovative snack and beverage products made from plant-based protein.

             The Company’s primary production facilities are located in Columbia, Missouri, and Devault, Pennsylvania, and its
         research and development and administrative offices are located in El Segundo, California. The Company owns a
         manufacturing facility in Enschede, the Netherlands, where it produces its woven protein and dry blend flavor systems for
         shipment to local co-manufacturers, including one of the Company’s distributors who built a co-manufacturing facility in the
         Netherlands used for production of the Company’s finished goods.

             In Jiaxing, China, the Company leases a manufacturing facility, where it produces its woven protein and houses end-
         to-end production. Renovations in the leased facility were substantially completed and trial production began in the first
         quarter of 2021. In the second quarter of 2021, several commercial trials of certain of the Company’s manufacturing
         processes were completed. Following the successful qualification of extrusion production capabilities in the third quarter of
         2021 and the completion of International Food Safety System Certification (FSSC) 22000 and ISA Halal certification in the
         fourth quarter of 2021, the facility completed commercialization of end-to-end production at the end of 2021. In the fourth
         quarter of 2021, the Company also leased a facility in Shanghai, China, which is used as a local research and
         development facility to support the Company’s local manufacturing operations. In addition to its own production facilities,
         the Company uses co-manufacturers in various locations in the United States, Canada, the Netherlands and China.

             In the third quarter of 2021, the Company completed the purchase of a facility in Columbia, Missouri, which is used
         primarily for warehousing and dry blending (ingredient handling). In the third quarter of 2021, the Company also assumed
         an operating lease for a building in Commerce, California to house its commercialization center. Subsequent to the year
         ended December 31, 2022, on February 14, 2023, the Company terminated this lease.

            In addition to leasing its corporate headquarters and other general office space in El Segundo, California, the
         Company also leases a facility for its former Manhattan Beach Project Innovation Center in El Segundo, California.

             On January 14, 2021, the Company entered into a lease agreement to house its corporate headquarters, lab and
         innovation space in El Segundo, California. In 2022, upon completion of the Phase1-A of the new




                                                                        86



156 sur 223                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




157 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)



         campus facility in El Segundo, the Company moved its Innovation team from the Manhattan Beach Project Innovation
         Center to the new campus facility.

              The Company sells to a variety of customers in the retail and foodservice channels throughout the United States and
         internationally primarily through distributors who purchase, store, sell, and deliver the Company’s products. In addition, the
         Company sells directly to customers in the retail and foodservice channels who handle their own distribution.

              As of December 31, 2022, approximately 84% of the Company’s assets were located in the United States.

              Initial Public Offering

             On May 6, 2019, the Company completed its initial public offering (“IPO”) of common stock in which it sold 11,068,750
         shares. The shares began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on May 2, 2019. The shares were sold at a public
         offering price of $25.00 per share for net proceeds of approximately $252.4 million, after deducting underwriting discounts
         and commissions of $19.4 million and issuance costs of approximately $4.9 million payable by the Company. Upon the
         closing of the IPO, all outstanding shares of the Company’s convertible preferred stock automatically converted into
         41,562,111 shares of common stock on a one-for-one basis, and warrants exercisable for convertible preferred stock were
         automatically converted into warrants exercisable for a total of 160,767 shares of common stock.

              Secondary Public Offering

             On August 5, 2019, the Company completed a secondary public offering (“Secondary Offering”) of common stock in
         which it sold 250,000 shares and the selling stockholders sold 3,487,500 shares. The shares were sold at a public offering
         price of $160.00 per share for net proceeds to the Company of approximately $37.4 million, after deducting underwriting
         discounts and commissions of $1.5 million and issuance costs of approximately $1.1 million payable by the Company.
         Total Secondary Offering issuance costs paid in 2019 were approximately $2.2 million, of which approximately $1.1 million
         was capitalized to reflect the costs associated with the issuance of new shares and offset against proceeds from the
         Secondary Offering. The Company did not receive any proceeds from the sale of common stock by the selling
         stockholders.

              COVID-19 Pandemic

             On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a pandemic. The global spread and
         unprecedented impact of COVID-19 continues to create significant volatility, uncertainty and economic disruption. The
         Company’s operations and its financial results including net revenues, gross profit, gross margin and operating expenses
         were negatively impacted by COVID-19 in 2020, 2021 and, to a lesser extent, 2022. The extent of COVID-19’s effect on
         the Company’s operational and financial performance will depend on future developments, including the duration, spread
         and intensity of the pandemic (including any resurgences), the impact of variants of the virus that causes COVID-19, the
         wide distribution and public acceptance of COVID-19 vaccines, labor needs at the Company as well as in the supply chain
         and at customers, compliance with government or employer COVID-19 vaccine mandates and the resulting impact on
         available labor, and the level of social and economic restrictions imposed in the United States and abroad in an effort to
         curb the spread of the virus, all of which are uncertain and difficult to predict considering the rapidly evolving landscape. As
         a result, it is not currently possible to ascertain the overall impact of COVID-19 on the Company’s business, results of
         operations, financial condition or liquidity. Future events and effects related to the COVID-19 pandemic cannot be
         determined with precision and actual results could significantly differ from estimates or forecasts.

              Emerging Growth Company Status

             Upon the completion of the Company’s IPO, the Company elected to be an Emerging Growth Company (“EGC”), as
         defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (“JOBS Act”). Effective December 31, 2020, the Company lost its EGC
         status and is now categorized as a Large Accelerated Filer based upon the current




                                                                         87



158 sur 223                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




159 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)



         market capitalization of the Company according to Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. As a result, the Company must comply
         with all financial disclosure and governance requirements applicable to Large Accelerated Filers.

         Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

              Basis of Presentation

              The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
         in the United States of America (“GAAP”), and include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All intercompany
         balances and transactions have been eliminated. Certain amounts in the consolidated financial statements of prior years
         have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.

              Fiscal Year

             The Company operates on a fiscal calendar year, and each interim quarter is comprised of one 5-week period and two
         4-week periods, with each week ending on a Saturday. The Company’s fiscal year always begins on January 1 and ends
         on December 31. As a result, the Company’s first and fourth fiscal quarters may have more or fewer days included than a
         traditional 91-day fiscal quarter.

              Segment Information

             The Company has one operating segment and one reportable segment, as the Company’s chief operating decision
         maker, who is the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, reviews financial information on an aggregate basis for purposes of
         allocating resources and evaluating financial performance.

              Management’s Use of Estimates

              The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and
         assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
         at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
         Significant accounting estimates made by the Company include trade promotion accruals; useful lives of property, plant
         and equipment; valuation of deferred tax assets; valuation of inventory; incremental borrowing rate used to determine
         operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities; assessment of contract-based factors, asset-based
         factors, entity-based factors and market-based factors to determine the lease term impacting right-of-use assets and lease
         liabilities; the valuation of the fair value of stock options used to determine share-based compensation expense; the
         valuation of the fair value of common stock and preferred stock used in the remeasurement of warrants and liabilities; and
         loss contingency accruals in connection with claims, lawsuits and administrative proceedings. These estimates and
         assumptions are based on current facts, historical experience and various other factors believed to be reasonable under
         the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and
         liabilities and the recording of expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ from
         those estimates and such differences may be material to the financial statements.

              Comprehensive Loss

             Comprehensive loss includes unrealized gains (losses) on the Company’s foreign currency translation adjustments for
         the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Income taxes on the unrealized losses are not material.

              Convertible Senior Notes

             On March 5, 2021, the Company issued $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of its 0% Convertible Senior Notes
         due 2027 (the “Convertible Notes”) in a private placement to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the
         Securities Act. On March 12, 2021, the initial purchasers of the Convertible Notes exercised their option to purchase an
         additional $150.0 million aggregate principal amount of the Company’s



                                                                         88



160 sur 223                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




161 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)



         0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the “Additional Notes”, and together with the Convertible Notes, the “Notes”), and
         such Additional Notes were issued on March 16, 2021. See Note 7. The Company accounts for the Notes under
         Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2020-06, “Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and
         Derivatives and Hedging—Contracts in Entity’s Own Equity” (ASU 2020-06”), which the Company early adopted in the first
         quarter of 2021 concurrent with the issuance of the Notes. The Company records the Notes in “Long-term liabilities” at
         face value net of issuance costs. If any of the conditions to the convertibility of the Notes is satisfied, or the Notes become
         due within one year, then the Company may be required under applicable accounting standards to reclassify the liability
         carrying value of the Notes as a current, rather than a long-term, liability.

              Capped Call Transactions

              Capped call transactions cover the aggregate number of shares of the Company’s common stock that will initially
         underlie the Notes, and generally reduce potential dilution to the Company’s common stock upon any conversion of Notes
         and/or offset any cash payments the Company may make in excess of the principal amount of the converted Notes, as the
         case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap, based on the cap price of the capped call transactions.
         The Company determined that the freestanding capped call option contracts qualify as equity under the accounting
         guidance on indexation and equity classification, and recognized the contract by recording an entry to “Additional paid-in
         capital” (“APIC”) in stockholders’ equity in its consolidated balance sheet. The Company also determined that the capped
         call option contracts meet the definition of a derivative under Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 815,
         “Derivatives and Hedging” (“ASC 815”), but are not required to be accounted for as a derivative as they meet the scope
         exception outlined in ASC 815. Instead the capped call options are recorded in APIC and not remeasured.

              Issuance Costs

              Issuance costs related to the Notes offering were capitalized and offset against proceeds from the Notes. Issuance
         costs consist of legal and other costs related to the issuance of the Notes and are amortized to interest expense over the
         term of the Notes. Total issuance costs capitalized in the year ended December 31, 2021 were approximately $23.6
         million, of which none remained unpaid as of December 31, 2021. There were $16.4 million and $20.3 million in
         unamortized issuance costs related to the Notes as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

              Foreign Currency

              The Company’s foreign entities use their local currency as the functional currency. For these entities, the Company
         translates net assets into U.S. dollars at period end exchange rates, while revenue and expense accounts are translated at
         average exchange rates prevailing during the periods being reported. Resulting currency translation adjustments are
         included in “Accumulated other comprehensive income” and foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in
         “Other, net.” Transaction gains and losses on long-term intra-entity transactions are recorded as a component of “Other
         comprehensive loss.” Transactions denominated in a currency other than the reporting entity’s functional currency may
         give rise to transaction gains and losses that impact the Company’s results of operations.

            Foreign currency translation loss, net of tax, reported as cumulative translation adjustments through “Other
         comprehensive loss” was $4.2 million and $2.3 million, respectively, in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

              Realized and unrealized foreign currency transaction (losses) gains included in “Other, net” were $(4.9) million, $(0.2)
         million and $0.2 million, respectively, in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.




                                                                         89




162 sur 223                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)



              Fair Value of Financial Instruments

             The fair value measurement accounting guidance creates a fair value hierarchy to prioritize the inputs used to
         measure fair value into three categories. A financial instrument’s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest
         level of input significant to the fair value measurement, where Level 1 is the highest and Level 3 is the lowest.

              The three levels are defined as follows:

              •   Level 1—Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets accessible by the reporting entity for identical assets or
                  liabilities. Active markets are those in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency
                  and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.

              •   Level 2—Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments
                  in markets that are not active and model-derived valuations in which significant value drivers are observable.

              •   Level 3—Valuations derived from valuation techniques in which significant value drivers are unobservable.

              The Company’s financial instruments include cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued
         expenses, for which the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to the short-term maturity of these financial
         instruments. The Company’s convertible notes are carried at face value less the unamortized debt issuance costs (see
         Note 7).

             The Company had no financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2020,
         other than the liability classified share-settled obligation to one of the Company’s executive officers (see Note 9) which
         represented a Level 1 financial instrument. The executive officer separated from the Company effective August 27, 2021.
         As a result, the fourth quarterly tranche of the liability classified share-settled obligation was not earned and canceled. As
         of December 31, 2022 and 2021 no liability remained for this liability classified share-settled obligation.

            There were no transfers of financial assets or liabilities into or out of Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3 in the years ended
         December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020.

              Cash and Cash Equivalents

             The Company maintains cash balances at three financial institutions in the United States. The cash balances may, at
         times, exceed federally insured limits. Accounts are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or FDIC up
         to $250,000. The Company considers all highly liquid investments with original maturity dates of 90 days or less to be cash
         equivalents. Cash equivalents include approximately 86% in money market accounts with approximately 10% in demand
         deposits and 4% in restricted cash.

              Restricted Cash

             Restricted cash includes cash held as collateral for a stand-alone letter of credit agreement related to normal business
         transactions. This agreement requires the Company to maintain a specified amount of cash as collateral in a segregated
         account to support the letter of credit issued thereunder.

              Accounts Receivable

              The Company records accounts receivable at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for
         estimated uncollectible accounts to reflect any anticipated losses on the accounts receivable balances and recorded in
         allowance for doubtful accounts. Allowance for doubtful accounts is calculated based on the Company’s history of write-
         offs, level of past due accounts, and relationships with and economic status of the Company’s distributors or customers.




                                                                           90



163 sur 223                                                                                                                        4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




164 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)



             The Company had $1.4 million and $1.3 million allowance for doubtful accounts as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
         respectively.

              Inventories and Cost of Goods Sold

              Inventories are recorded at lower of cost or net realizable value. The Company accounts for inventory using the
         weighted average cost method. In addition to product cost, inventory costs include expenditures such as direct labor and
         certain supply and overhead expenses including in-bound shipping and handling costs incurred in bringing the inventory to
         its existing condition and location. Inventories are comprised primarily of raw materials, direct labor and overhead costs.
         Weighted average cost method is used to absorb raw materials, direct labor, and overhead into inventory. The Company
         reviews inventory quantities on hand and records a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based primarily on
         historical and forecasted demand, estimated shelf life of various raw materials and packaging, work in process and
         finished goods inventory, as well as the age of the inventory, among other factors.

              Property, Plant and Equipment

              Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and are depreciated using the
         straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives:

         Land                                                               Not amortized
         Buildings                                                          30 years
         Leasehold improvements                                             Shorter of lease term or estimated useful life
         Furniture and fixtures                                             3 years
         Manufacturing equipment                                            5 to 10 years
         Research and development equipment                                 5 to 10 years
         Software and computer equipment                                    3 years
         Vehicles                                                           5 years
            Leasehold improvements are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the lesser of the estimated useful life of the
         asset or the remaining lease term. When assets are sold or retired, the asset and related accumulated depreciation are
         removed from the respective account balances and any gain or loss on disposal is included in “Loss from operations.”
         Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged directly to expense when incurred. See Note 6.

              Accounting for Acquisition

             The Company follows the guidance in ASC 805, “Business Combinations,” for determining whether an acquisition
         meets the definition of a business combination or asset acquisition. The acquired assets may include, but are not limited to
         land, building, building improvements, manufacturing equipment and assembled work force.

             For acquisitions that are accounted for as acquisitions of assets, the Company records the acquired tangible and
         intangible assets and assumed liabilities, if any, based on each asset’s and liability's relative fair value at the acquisition
         date to the total purchase price plus capitalized acquisition costs. The method for determining relative fair value varies
         depending on the type of asset.

              The Company has completed one acquisition to date.

              Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

             Long-lived assets, including property and equipment, are reviewed by management for impairment whenever events
         or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be fully recoverable. When events or
         circumstances indicate that impairment may be present, management evaluates



                                                                           91



165 sur 223                                                                                                                       4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




166 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)



         the probability that future undiscounted net cash flows received will be less than the carrying amount of the asset. If
         projected future undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying value of an asset, then such assets are written down to
         their fair values. The Company concluded that no long-lived assets were impaired during the fiscal years ended
         December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

              Income Taxes

              The Company is subject to federal and state income taxes. The Company uses the asset and liability method of
         accounting for income taxes as set forth in the authoritative guidance for accounting for income taxes. Under this method,
         the Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary
         differences between the respective carrying amounts and tax basis of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is
         established against the portion of deferred tax assets that the Company believes will not be realized on a more likely than
         not basis.

             With respect to uncertain tax positions, the Company recognizes in its financial statements those tax positions
         determined to be more likely than not of being sustained upon examination, based on the technical merits of the positions.
         The Company’s policy is to recognize, when applicable, interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions as part of income
         tax expense. See Note 11.

              Leases

             The Company leases certain equipment used for research and development and operations under both finance and
         operating lease agreements. An asset and a corresponding liability for the finance lease obligations are established for the
         cost of a finance lease. Finance lease assets are included in “Property, plant and equipment, net” in the Company’s
         consolidated balance sheets.

              Operating leases include lease arrangements for the Company’s corporate offices, the new Campus Lease (see Note
         4), the former Manhattan Beach Project Innovation Center, manufacturing facilities, warehouses, vehicles and, to a lesser
         extent, equipment. Operating leases with a term greater than one year are recorded on the consolidated balance sheets
         as operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities at the commencement date. Operating lease assets
         represent the right to use an underlying asset for the lease term, and operating lease liabilities represent the obligation to
         make lease payments arising from the lease.

               The Company records these balances initially at the present value of future minimum lease payments calculated using
         the Company’s incremental borrowing rate and expected lease term. The Company estimates the incremental borrowing
         rate for each operating lease based on prevailing market rates for collateralized debt in a similar economic environment
         with similar payment terms and maturity dates commensurate with the terms of the lease. Certain adjustments to the
         operating lease right-of-use assets may be required for items such as initial direct costs paid or incentives received.
         Certain leases contain variable payments, which are expensed as incurred and not included in the Company’s operating
         lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities. These amounts primarily include payments for maintenance,
         utilities, taxes and insurance on the Company’s corporate, research and development, and manufacturing facilities and
         warehouse leases and are excluded from the present value of the Company’s lease obligations. Some leases also include
         early termination options, which can be exercised under specific conditions. The Company includes options to extend the
         lease term if the options are reasonably certain of being exercised. The Company does not have residual value
         guarantees or material restrictive covenants associated with its leases.

             Upon adoption of ASU 2016-02, the Company elected to combine lease and non-lease components on all new or
         modified leases into a single lease component, for all classes of assets other than the co-manufacturing class of assets,
         which the Company recognizes over the expected term on a straight-line expense basis. The Company elected to
         separate the lease and non-lease components on all new or modified operating leases for the co-manufacturing class of
         assets for the purpose of recording operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities. Prior to fiscal 2020,
         the Company accounted for leases under ASC 840 and did not record operating leases on its consolidated balance
         sheets. See Note 4.

                                                                         92



167 sur 223                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




168 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)



             When the Company purchases property that it was previously leasing under an operating lease, the Company de-
         recognizes the right-of-use asset and lease liability and recognizes the difference between the purchase price and the
         carrying amount of the lease liability immediately before the purchase as an adjustment to the carrying value of the asset.
         The Company allocates the purchase price to the assets acquired based upon their relative values.

              Contingencies

             The Company is subject to a range of claims, lawsuits, and administrative proceedings that arise in the ordinary
         course of business. The Company accrues a liability (which amount includes litigation costs expected to be incurred) and
         charges operations for such matters when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be
         reasonably estimated, in accordance with the recognition criteria of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”)
         ASC 450, Contingencies. Estimating liabilities and costs associated with these matters require significant judgment based
         upon the professional knowledge and experience of management and its legal counsel. See Note 10.

              Revenue Recognition

             In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” (“ASU 2014-09”), which,
         along with subsequent ASUs, amended the existing accounting standards for revenue recognition (“Topic 606”). This
         guidance is based on principles that govern the recognition of revenue at an amount an entity expects to be entitled to
         receive when products are transferred to customers. ASU 2014-09 was effective for the Company beginning January 1,
         2019. The majority of the Company’s contracts with customers generally consist of a single performance obligation to
         transfer promised goods. Based on the Company’s evaluation and review of its contracts with customers, the timing and
         amount of revenue recognized based on ASU 2014-09 is consistent with the Company’s revenue recognition policy under
         previous guidance. The Company has therefore concluded that the adoption of ASU 2014-09 did not have a material
         impact on its financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.

             The Company’s revenues are generated through sales of its products to distributors or customers. Revenue is
         recognized at the point in which the performance obligation under the terms of a contract with the customer have been
         satisfied and control has transferred. The Company’s performance obligation is typically defined as the accepted purchase
         order or the contract with the customer which requires the Company to deliver the requested products at agreed upon
         prices at the time and location of the customer’s choice. The Company generally does not offer warranties or a right to
         return on the products it sells except in the instance of a product recall or other limited circumstances.

             Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for fulfilling the
         performance obligation. Sales and other taxes the Company collects concurrent with the sale of products are excluded
         from revenue. The Company's normal payment terms vary by the type and location of its customers and the products
         offered. The time between invoicing and when payment is due is not significant. None of the Company's customer
         contracts as of December 31, 2022 contains a significant financing component.

             The Company routinely offers sales discounts and promotions through various programs to its customers and
         consumers. These programs include rebates, temporary on-shelf price reductions, off-invoice discounts, retailer
         advertisements, product coupons and other trade activities. Provision for discounts and incentives are recorded in the
         same period in which the related revenues are recognized. At the end of each accounting period, the Company recognizes
         a contra asset to accounts receivable for estimated sales discounts that have been incurred but not paid which totaled
         $4.6 million and $3.6 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The offsetting charge is recorded as a
         reduction of revenues in the same period when the expense is incurred.




                                                                        93




169 sur 223                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)



             The Company recognizes the incremental costs of obtaining contracts as an expense when incurred if the amortization
         period of the assets that the Company otherwise would have recognized is one year or less. The incremental cost to
         obtain contracts was not material.

                Presentation of Net Revenues by Channel

                The following table presents the Company’s net revenues by channel:

                                                                                               Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                     2022               2021                  2020
         (in thousands)
               U.S.:
                  Retail                                                       $       234,744     $        243,360    $         264,111
                  Foodservice                                                           69,289               76,475               60,763
               U.S. net revenues                                                       304,033              319,835              324,874
               International:
                  Retail                                                                60,907               81,483               36,472
                  Foodservice                                                           53,993               63,382               45,439
               International net revenues                                              114,900              144,865               81,911
              Net revenues                                                     $       418,933     $        464,700    $         406,785



            One distributor accounted for approximately 12% of the Company’s gross revenues in 2022; two distributors
         accounted for approximately 12% and 11% of the Company’s gross revenues in 2021; and one customer accounted for
         approximately 13% of the Company’s gross revenues in 2020. No other distributor or customer accounted for more than
         10% of the Company’s gross revenues in 2022, 2021 or 2020.

                Earnings (Loss) Per Share

             Earnings (loss) per share (“EPS”) represents net income available to common stockholders divided by the weighted
         average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS represents net income available to common
         stockholders divided by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding, inclusive of the dilutive impact of
         potential common shares outstanding during the period. Such potential common shares include options, unvested
         restricted stock, restricted stock units (“RSUs”), contracts classified as assets or liabilities that are required or assumed to
         be share-settled under the two-class method, warrants and convertible preferred stock.

              The Company calculates basic and diluted EPS available to common stockholders in conformity with the two-class
         method required for companies with participating securities. Pursuant to ASU 2020-06, the Company applies the more
         dilutive of the if-converted method and the two-class method to its Notes. The Company considers all series of convertible
         preferred stock issued and outstanding prior to the IPO to be participating securities. Under the two-class method, the net
         loss available to common stockholders was not allocated to the convertible preferred stock as the holders of convertible
         preferred stock issued and outstanding prior to the IPO did not have a contractual obligation to share in losses.
         Computation of EPS for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 also excludes adjustments under the two-class
         method relating to a liability classified, share-settled obligation to an executive officer to deliver a variable number of
         shares based on a fixed monetary amount because the shares to be delivered are not participating securities as they do
         not have voting rights and are not entitled to participate in dividends until they are issued.

            Nonvested restricted stock awards (referred to as participating securities) are excluded from the dilutive impact of
         common equivalent shares outstanding in accordance with authoritative guidance under the two-class method. The
         nonvested restricted stockholders are entitled to participate in dividends declared on common



                                                                          94



170 sur 223                                                                                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




171 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)



         stock as if the shares were fully vested and hence nonvested restricted stock shares are deemed to be participating
         securities. Under the two-class method, net income, but not net loss, available to nonvested restricted stockholders is
         excluded from net income available to common stockholders for purposes of calculating basic and diluted EPS. Net loss
         available to common stockholders is not allocated to unvested restricted stock as the holders of unvested restricted stock
         do not have a contractual obligation to share in losses. In periods when the Company records net loss, all potential
         common shares are excluded in the computation of EPS because their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. See Note 12.

              Prepaid Expenses

             Prepaid expenses primarily include prepaid insurance and other prepaid vendor costs, which are expensed in the
         period to which they relate.

              Investment in Joint Venture

             The Company uses the equity method of accounting to record transactions associated with its joint venture when the
         Company shares in joint control of the investee. Investment in joint venture is not consolidated but is recorded in
         “Investment in unconsolidated joint venture” in the Company’s consolidated balance sheet. The Company recognizes its
         portion of the investee’s results in “Equity in losses of unconsolidated joint venture” in its consolidated statement of
         operations.

              Selling, General and Administrative (“SG&A”) Expenses

             SG&A expenses are primarily comprised of selling, marketing expenses and administrative expenses, including
         personnel and related expenses, share-based compensation, outbound shipping and handling costs, non-manufacturing
         lease expense, depreciation and amortization expense on non-manufacturing and non-research and development assets,
         consulting fees and other non-production operating expenses. Marketing and selling expenses include advertising costs,
         share-based compensation awards to brand ambassadors, costs associated with consumer promotions, product
         donations, product samples and sales aids incurred to acquire new customers, retain existing customers and build brand
         awareness. Administrative expenses include expenses related to management, accounting, legal, IT and other office
         functions. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising costs in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and
         2020 were $20.6 million, $12.1 million and $0.3 million, respectively. Non-advertising related components of the
         Company’s total marketing expenditures primarily include costs associated with consumer promotions, product sampling
         and sales aids, which are also included in SG&A.

              Shipping and Handling Costs

              The Company does not bill its distributors or customers shipping and handling fees. The Company’s products are
         predominantly shipped to its distributors or customers as “FOB Destination,” with control of the products transferred to the
         customer at the destination. In-bound shipping and handling costs incurred in manufacturing a product are included in
         inventory and reflected in cost of goods sold when the sale of that product is recognized. Outbound shipping and handling
         costs are considered as fulfillment costs and are recorded in SG&A expenses. Outbound shipping and handling costs
         included in SG&A expenses in 2022, 2021 and 2020 were $17.6 million, $19.1 million and $11.9 million, respectively.

              Research and Development Expenses

              Research and development costs, which includes enhancements to existing products and new product development,
         are expensed in the period incurred. Research and development expenses primarily consist of personnel and related
         expenses for the Company’s research and development staff, including salaries, benefits, bonuses, share-based
         compensation, scale-up expenses and depreciation and amortization expense on research and development assets, and
         facility lease costs. Research and development expenses in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, were
         $62.3 million, $66.9 million and $31.5 million, respectively.




                                                                        95



172 sur 223                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




173 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)



              Share-Based Compensation

              The Company measures all share-based compensation cost at the grant date, based on the fair values of the awards
         that are ultimately expected to vest, and recognizes that cost as an expense in its consolidated statements of operations
         over the requisite service period. The Company estimates the fair value of option awards using the Black-Scholes option
         valuation model, which requires management to make certain assumptions for estimating the fair value of stock options at
         the date of grant including the fair value and projected volatility of the underlying common stock and the expected term of
         the award. The Black-Scholes option valuation model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options
         that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. Because the Company’s stock options have characteristics
         significantly different from those of traded options, and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can
         materially affect the fair value estimates, in management’s opinion, the existing models may not necessarily provide a
         reliable single measure of the fair value of the Company’s stock options. Although the fair value of stock options is
         determined using an option valuation model, that value may not be indicative of the fair value observed in a willing
         buyer/willing seller market transaction.

              In addition, the Company estimates the expected impact of forfeited awards and recognizes share-based
         compensation cost only for those awards ultimately expected to vest. If actual forfeiture rates differ materially from the
         Company’s estimates, share-based compensation expense could differ significantly from the amounts the Company has
         recorded in the current period. The Company periodically reviews actual forfeiture experience and will revise its estimates,
         as necessary. The Company will recognize as compensation cost the cumulative effect of the change in estimated
         forfeiture rates on current and prior periods in earnings of the period of revision. As a result, if the Company revises its
         assumptions and estimates, the Company’s share-based compensation expense could change materially in the future.
         See Note 9.

              Employee Benefit Plan

             On January 1, 2017 the Company initiated a 401(k) retirement saving plan (“401-K Plan”) for the benefit of eligible
         employees. Under terms of this plan, eligible employees are able to make contributions of their wages on a tax-deferred
         basis. The Company has incurred $2.9 million, $1.5 million and $0.7 million in matching contribution to the 401-K Plan in
         2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

              Restructuring Plan

             The Company accounts for exit or disposal activities in accordance with ASC 420, “Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations.”
         The Company defines a business restructuring as an exit or disposal activity that includes but is not limited to a program
         which is planned and controlled by management and materially changes either the scope of a business or the manner in
         which that business is conducted. Business restructuring charges may include (i) contract termination costs and (ii) other
         related costs associated with exit or disposal activities.

             Contract termination costs include costs to terminate a contract or costs that will continue to be incurred under the
         contract without benefit to the Company. A liability is recognized and measured at its fair value when the Company either
         terminates the contract or ceases using the rights conveyed by the contract. See Note 3.

              Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements

              None.

              New Accounting Pronouncements

              None.

         Note 3. Restructuring

             In May 2017, management approved a plan to terminate the Company’s exclusive supply agreement (the
         “Agreement”) with one of its co-manufacturers, due to non-performance under the Agreement and on May 23,

                                                                        96


174 sur 223                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




175 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)



         2017, the Company notified the co-manufacturer of its decision to terminate the Agreement. In accordance with the
         Company’s policy of reviewing long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
         the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable, the Company determined that as of May 23, 2017, the date
         the Company notified the co-manufacturer of its decision to terminate the Agreement, the assets held in possession of the
         co-manufacturer were no longer recoverable. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded $17.3 million, $15.8 million
         and $6.4 million, respectively, in restructuring expenses related to this dispute, which consisted primarily of legal and other
         expenses. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had $0.7 million and $2.7 million, respectively, in accrued
         unpaid liabilities associated with this contract termination. On October 18, 2022, the parties to this dispute entered into a
         confidential written settlement agreement and mutual release in connection with this matter. See Note 10 for further
         information.

         Note 4. Leases

             Leases are classified as either finance leases or operating leases based on criteria in ASC 842. The Company has
         operating leases for its corporate offices, the Campus Lease, its former Manhattan Beach Project Innovation Center, its
         manufacturing facilities, warehouses and vehicles, and to a lesser extent, certain equipment and finance leases. Such
         leases generally have original lease terms between 2 and 12 years, and often include one or more options to renew. Some
         leases also include early termination options, which can be exercised under specific conditions. The Company includes
         options to extend the lease term if the options are reasonably certain of being exercised. The Company does not have
         residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants associated with its leases.

             On January 14, 2021, the Company entered into the Campus Lease, a 12-year lease with two 5-year renewal options
         to house its corporate headquarters, lab and innovation space (the “Campus Headquarters”) in El Segundo, California.
         Although the Company is involved in the design of the tenant improvements of the Campus Headquarters, the Company
         does not have title or possession of the assets during construction. In addition, the Company does not have the ability to
         control the leased Campus Headquarters until each phase of the tenant improvements is complete. The Company
         contributed $55.1 million and $59.2 million in payments towards the construction of the Campus Headquarters in the year
         ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These payments are initially recorded in “Prepaid lease costs, non-
         current” in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets and will ultimately be reclassified as a component of a right-of-use
         asset upon lease commencement for each phase of the lease. On September 15, 2022, the tenant improvements
         associated with Phase 1-A were completed, and the underlying asset was delivered to the Company. As such, upon
         commencement of Phase 1-A, the Company recognized a $64.1 million right-of-use asset, which included the
         reclassification of $27.7 million of the construction payments previously included in “Prepaid lease costs, non-current,” and
         a $36.6 million lease liability. Therefore, Phase 1-A of the Campus Lease is included in the tables below. The tables below
         also include the Company’s lease on the commercialization center in Commerce, California, which was terminated
         subsequent to the year ended December 31, 2022, on February 14, 2023.




                                                                         97




176 sur 223                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                  https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)



               Lease costs for operating and finance leases were as follows:
                                                                                                            Year Ended          Year Ended
                                                                                                           December 31,        December 31,
         (in thousands)                                 Statement of Operations Location                       2022                2021
         Operating lease cost:
          Lease cost                                    Cost of goods sold                             $          1,688    $          2,583
          Lease cost                                    Research and development expenses                         3,972                 652
          Lease cost                                    Selling, general and administrative                       1,430                 961
                                                        expenses
              Variable lease cost(1)                    Cost of goods sold                                          204                  40
              Variable lease cost(1)                    Research and development expenses                           333                  —
                                                        Selling, general and administrative
          Variable lease cost(1)                        expenses                                                  1,920                  —
         Operating lease cost                                                                          $          9,547    $          4,236
         Short- lease cost:
          Short-term lease cost                         Cost of goods sold                             $             14    $             —
          Short-term lease cost                         Research and development expenses                            60                  —
          Short-term lease cost                         Selling, general and administrative                         406                 222
                                                        expenses
         Short-term lease cost                                                                                       480                 222
         Finance lease cost:
           Amortization of right-of use assets          Cost of goods sold                             $            203                 177
           Amortization of right-of use assets          Research and development expenses                             4    $             —
           Interest on lease liabilities                Interest expense                                             22    $             —
         Finance lease cost                                                                            $            229    $            177
         Total lease cost                                                                              $         10,256    $          4,635
         ____________

         (1) Variable lease cost primarily consists of common area maintenance, such as cleaning and repairs.




                                                                             98




177 sur 223                                                                                                                         4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)



              Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases are as follows:
                                                                                                           December 31,        December 31,
         (in thousands)                         Balance Sheet Location                                         2022                2021
         Assets
         Operating leases                       Operating lease right-of-use assets                    $         87,595    $         26,815
         Finance leases, net                    Property, plant and equipment, net                                  688                 615
         Total lease assets                                                                            $         88,283    $         27,430

         Liabilities
         Current:
         Operating lease liabilities            Current portion of operating lease liabilities         $          3,812    $          4,458
         Finance lease liabilities              Accrued expenses and other current liabilities                      224                 182
         Long-term:
         Operating lease liabilities            Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion              55,854              22,599
         Finance lease liabilities              Finance lease obligations and other long-term                       469                 442
                                                liabilities
         Total lease liabilities                                                                       $         60,359    $         27,681


            The following is a schedule by year of the maturities of lease liabilities with original terms in excess of one year, as of
         December 31, 2022:

                                                                                                               December 31, 2022
         (in thousands)                                                                                Operating Leases Finance Leases
         2023                                                                                          $          7,027 $               244
         2024                                                                                                     7,193                 209
         2025                                                                                                     6,729                 178
         2026                                                                                                     6,612                  72
         2027                                                                                                     6,114                  35
         Thereafter                                                                                              58,906                  —
         Total undiscounted future minimum lease payments                                                        92,581                 738
         Less imputed interest                                                                                  (32,915)                (45)
         Total discounted future minimum lease payments                                                $         59,666 $               693


                  Weighted average remaining lease terms and weighted average discount rates were:

                                                                                                               December 31, 2022
                                                                                                      Operating Leases(1) Finance Leases
         Weighted average remaining lease term (years)                                                              12.8                  3.4
         Weighted average discount rate                                                                            6.2 %               3.6 %




                                                                          99




178 sur 223                                                                                                                         4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)



       Note 5. Inventories

         Major classes of inventory were as follows:
                                                                                                                December 31,
         (in thousands)                                                                                  2022                  2021
         Raw materials and packaging                                                               $       139,509     $        129,974
         Work in process                                                                                    37,001               50,227
         Finished goods                                                                                     59,186               61,669
         Total                                                                                     $       235,696     $        241,870

             The Company wrote off $22.6 million, $12.5 million and $10.8 million in excess and obsolete inventories and
         recognized that expense in cost of goods sold in its consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December
         31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company recorded $1.0 million, $0.8 million, and $0, respectively, in write
         down of inventory to lower of cost or net realizable value at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

         Note 6. Property, Plant and Equipment

            The Company records property, plant, and equipment at cost and includes finance lease assets in “Property, plant and
         Equipment, net” in its consolidated balance sheets. A summary of property, plant, and equipment as of December 31, 2022
         and 2021, is as follows:

                                                                                                                December 31,
         (in thousands)                                                                                  2022                  2021
         Manufacturing equipment                                                                   $       171,532     $        115,412
         Research and development equipment                                                                 16,948               16,837
         Leasehold improvements                                                                             22,740               20,250
         Building                                                                                           22,675               22,937
         Finance leases                                                                                      1,093                  867
         Software                                                                                            2,377                1,297
         Furniture and fixtures                                                                                866                  868
         Vehicles                                                                                              584                  584
         Land                                                                                                5,446                5,434
         Assets not yet placed in service                                                                   93,152               95,455
         Total property, plant and equipment                                                       $       337,413     $        279,941
         Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization                                                    80,411               53,452
         Property, plant and equipment, net                                                        $       257,002     $        226,489

             Depreciation and amortization expense in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was $32.6 million, $21.7 million and $13.3 million,
         respectively. Of the total depreciation and amortization expense in 2022, 2021 and 2020, $28.0 million, $17.7 million and
         $10.1 million, respectively, were recorded in cost of goods sold, $4.0 million, $3.7 million and $3.1 million, respectively,
         were recorded in research and development expenses, and $0.6 million, $0.3 million and $0.1 million, respectively, were
         recorded in SG&A expenses, in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations.

              The Company had $5.9 million and $0 in property, plant and equipment concluded to meet the criteria for assets held
         for sale as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amounts previously classified as assets held for sale were sold
         for amounts that approximated book value for which a note receivable of $3.8 million, net of payments received is included
         in “Other non-current assets, net” as of December 31, 2022.




                                                                        100



179 sur 223                                                                                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




180 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)



         Note 7. Debt

              The following is a summary of debt balances as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021:

                                                                                                     December 31,     December 31,
         (in thousands)                                                                                  2022             2021
         0% Convertible senior notes                                                             $      1,150,000 $        1,150,000
         Debt issuance costs                                                                              (16,392)           (20,326)
         Total debt outstanding                                                                  $      1,133,608 $        1,129,674
         Less: current portion of long-term debt                                                               —                  —
         Long-term debt                                                                          $      1,133,608 $        1,129,674

              Convertible Senior Notes

             On March 5, 2021, the Company issued $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of its 0% Convertible Senior Notes
         due 2027 (the “Convertible Notes”) in a private placement to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the
         Securities Act. On March 12, 2021, the initial purchasers of the Convertible Notes exercised their option to purchase an
         additional $150.0 million aggregate principal amount of the Company’s 0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the
         “Additional Notes”, and together with the Convertible Notes, the “Notes”), and such Additional Notes were issued on March
         16, 2021.

             The initial conversion price of the Notes is $206.00 per share of common stock, which represents a premium of
         approximately 47.5% over the closing price of the Company’s common stock on March 2, 2021. The Notes will mature on
         March 15, 2027, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. The Notes were issued pursuant to, and are
         governed by, an indenture, dated as of March 5, 2021 (the “Indenture”), between the Company and U.S. Bank National
         Association, as trustee (the Trustee”). The Company used $84.0 million of the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes to
         fund the cost of entering into capped call transactions, described below. The proceeds from the issuance of the Notes
         were approximately $1.0 billion, net of capped call transaction costs of $84.0 million and debt issuance costs totaling
         $23.6 million.

              The Notes are senior, unsecured obligations and are (i) equal in right of payment with the Company’s senior,
         unsecured indebtedness; (ii) senior in right of payment to the Company’s indebtedness that is expressly subordinated to
         the Notes; (iii) effectively subordinated to the Company’s secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the collateral
         securing that indebtedness; and (iv) structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities,
         including trade payables, and (to the extent the Company is not a holder thereof) preferred equity, if any, of the Company’s
         subsidiaries.

             The Notes do not bear regular interest, and the principal amount of the Notes do not accrete. However, special interest
         and additional interest may accrue on the Notes at a rate per annum not exceeding 0.50% (subject to certain exceptions)
         upon the occurrence of certain events relating to the failure to file certain SEC reports or to remove certain restrictive
         legends from the Notes.

             The initial conversion rate is 4.8544 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of the Notes, which
         represents an initial conversion price of $206.00 per share of common stock. The conversion rate and conversion price are
         subject to customary adjustments upon the occurrence of certain events as described in the Indenture.

              The holder may convert the Notes during the five consecutive business days immediately after any ten consecutive
         trading day period, if the trading price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, as determined following a request by a holder,
         for each trading day of the measurement period was less than ninety eight percent (98%) of the product of the last report
         sale price per share of common stock on such trading day and the conversion rate on such trading day.




                                                                       101



181 sur 223                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




182 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)



             The holder can convert its Notes during any calendar quarter, commencing after the calendar quarter ending on June
         30, 2021, provided the last reported sale price of the common stock for at least 20 trading days is greater than or equal to
         130% of the conversion price, during the 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of a calendar quarter.

              Before December 15, 2026, noteholders have the right to convert their Notes upon the occurrence of certain events.
         From and after December 15, 2026, noteholders may convert their Notes at any time at their election until the close of
         business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. The Company has the right to elect to
         settle conversions either in cash, shares or in a combination of cash and shares of its common stock. However, upon
         conversion of any Notes, the conversion value, which will be determined over an “Observation Period” (as defined in the
         Indenture) consisting of 20 trading days, will be paid in cash up to at least the principal amount of the Notes being
         converted.

             The Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at the Company’s option at any time, and from time to time, on or
         after March 20, 2024 and on or before the 20th scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, at a cash
         redemption price equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid special interest and
         additional interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date, but only if the last reported sale price per share of the
         Company’s common stock exceeds 130% of the conversion price on (i) each of at least 20 trading days, whether or not
         consecutive, during the 30 consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the trading day immediately before the date
         the Company sends the related redemption notice; and (ii) the trading day immediately before the date the Company
         sends such notice. In addition, calling any Note for redemption will constitute a “Make-Whole Fundamental Change” (as
         defined in the Indenture) with respect to that Note, in which case the conversion rate applicable to the conversion of that
         Note will be increased in certain circumstances if it is converted after it is called for redemption.

              The Company must repay the note principal in cash, but may elect to settle the conversion value either in cash, shares
         or in a combination of cash and shares of its common stock.

              If certain corporate events that constitute a “Fundamental Change” (as defined in the Indenture) occur, then, subject to
         limited exceptions, noteholders may require the Company to repurchase their Notes at a cash repurchase price equal to
         the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid special interest and additional interest, if
         any, to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. The definition of Fundamental Change includes certain
         business combination transactions involving the Company and certain de-listing events with respect to the Company’s
         common stock.

              The Notes have customary provisions relating to the occurrence of “Events of Default” (as defined in the Indenture),
         which include the following: (i) certain payment defaults on the Notes (which, in the case of a default in the payment of
         special interest and additional interest on the Notes, are subject to a 30-day cure period); (ii) the Company’s failure to send
         certain notices under the Indenture within specified periods of time; (iii) the Company’s failure to comply with certain
         covenants in the Indenture relating to the Company’s ability to consolidate with or merge with or into, or sell, lease or
         otherwise transfer, in one transaction or a series of transactions, all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and
         its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to another person; (iv) a default by the Company in its other obligations or agreements
         under the Indenture or the Notes if such default is not cured or waived within 60 days after notice is given in accordance
         with the Indenture; (v) certain defaults by the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries with respect to indebtedness
         for borrowed money of at least $100 million; and (vi) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency and reorganization involving
         the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries.

              In the event of the Company’s liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of the Company’s common stock will be
         entitled to share ratably in the net assets legally available for distribution to stockholders after the payment of all of the
         Company’s debts and other liabilities and the satisfaction of any liquidation preference granted to the holders of any then-
         outstanding shares of preferred stock.




                                                                        102



183 sur 223                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




184 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)



              Holders of the Company’s common stock have no preemptive, conversion, subscription or other rights, and there are
         no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the Company’s common stock. The rights, preferences and
         privileges of the holders of the Company’s common stock are subject to and may be adversely affected by the rights of the
         holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that the Company may designate in the future.

              If an Event of Default involving bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization events with respect to the Company (and not
         solely with respect to a significant subsidiary of the Company) occurs, then the principal amount of, and any accrued and
         unpaid special interest and additional interest on, all of the Notes then outstanding will immediately become due and
         payable without any further action or notice by any person. If any other Event of Default occurs and is continuing, then, the
         Trustee, by notice to the Company, or noteholders of at least 25% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then
         outstanding, may declare the principal amount of, and any accrued and unpaid special interest and additional interest on,
         all of the Notes then outstanding to become due and payable immediately. However, notwithstanding the foregoing, the
         Company may elect, at its option, that the sole remedy for an Event of Default relating to certain failures by the Company
         to comply with certain reporting covenants in the Indenture consists exclusively of the right of the noteholders to receive
         special interest on the Notes for up to 365 days at a specified rate per annum not exceeding 0.50% on the principal
         amount of the Notes.

              The total amount of debt issuance costs of $23.6 million was recorded as a reduction to “Convertible senior notes, net”
         in the consolidated balance sheet and are being amortized as interest expense over the term of the Notes using the
         effective interest method. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company recognized
         $3.9 million and $3.3 million in interest expense related to the amortization of the debt issuance costs related to the Notes.
         The effective interest rate in both the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 0.3%.

              The following is a summary of the Company’s Notes as of December 31, 2022:

                                                                                                                    Fair Value
                                                        Principal      Unamortized          Net Carrying
                       (in thousands)                   Amount       Issuance Costs           Amount           Amount        Leveling
         0% Convertible senior notes due on
         March 15, 2027                             $   1,150,000    $         16,392   $     1,133,608    $    310,500   Level 2



             The Notes are carried at face value less the unamortized debt issuance costs on the Company’s consolidated balance
         sheets. As of December 29, 2022, the estimated fair value of the Notes was approximately $310.5 million. The Notes are
         quoted on the Intercontinental Exchange and are classified as Level 2 financial instruments. The estimated fair value of the
         Notes was determined based on the actual bid price of the Notes on December 29, 2022, the last business day of the
         period.

              As of December 31, 2022, the remaining life of the Notes is approximately 4.2 years.

              Capped Call Transactions

             On March 2, 2021, in connection with the pricing of the offering of the Convertible Notes, the Company entered into
         capped call transactions (the “Base Capped Call Transactions”) with the option counterparties and used $73.0 million in
         net proceeds from the sale of the Convertible Notes to fund the cost of the Base Capped Call Transactions. On March 12,
         2021, in connection with the Additional Notes, the Company entered into capped call transactions (the “Additional Capped
         Call Transactions”) with the option counterparties and used $11.0 million of the net proceeds from the sale of the Additional
         Notes to fund the cost of the Additional Capped Call Transactions. The Base Capped Call Transactions and the Additional
         Capped Call Transactions (collectively, the “Capped Call Transactions”) cover, subject to customary adjustments, the
         aggregate number of




                                                                         103



185 sur 223                                                                                                                      4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




186 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)



         shares of the Company’s common stock that will initially underlie the Notes, and are expected generally to reduce potential
         dilution to the Company’s common stock upon any conversion of Notes and/or offset any cash payments the Company
         may make in excess of the principal amount of the converted Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset
         subject to a cap, based on the cap price of the Capped Call Transactions. The cap price of the Capped Call Transactions
         is $279.32, which represents a premium of 100% over the last reported sale price of the Company’s common stock on
         March 2, 2021. The aggregate $84.0 million paid for the Capped Call Transactions was recorded as a reduction to APIC.

              Revolving Credit Facility

             On March 2, 2021, the Company terminated its secured revolving credit agreement, dated as of April 21, 2020 (the
         “Credit Agreement”), among the Company, as borrower, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the
         administrative agent, and in connection with such termination: (i) all borrowings outstanding under the Credit Agreement
         were repaid in full by the Company; and (ii) all liens and security interests under the Credit Agreement in favor of the
         lenders thereunder were released.

             Debt issuance costs associated with the credit facility were amortized as interest expense over the term of the loan. In
         the year ended December 31, 2021 debt issuance costs of $41,000, related to the Company’s prior revolving credit facility,
         were amortized to interest expense. In the year ended December 31, 2020 debt issuance costs of $0.3 million related to
         the Company’s prior revolving credit facility and equipment loan were amortized to interest expense.

             In the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded $0, $0.3 million, and $2.1 million,
         respectively, in interest expense related to its bank credit facilities.

         Note 8. Stockholders’ (Deficit) Equity

             Upon the closing of the IPO, all outstanding shares of the Company’s convertible preferred stock automatically
         converted into 41,562,111 shares of common stock on a one-for-one basis. On May 6, 2019, the Company filed a Restated
         Certificate of Incorporation authorizing the Company to issue 500,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per
         share, and $500,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, $0.0001 par value per share, with rights and preferences
         determined by the Company’s Board of Directors at the time of issuance of such shares.

             On August 5, 2019, the Company completed its Secondary Offering of common stock, in which it sold 250,000 shares
         of common stock, $0.0001 par value.

            As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 63,773,982 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. As of
         December 31, 2021, the Company had 63,400,899 shares of common stock issued and outstanding.

             The Company has not declared or paid any dividends, or authorized or made any distribution upon or with respect to
         any class or series of its capital stock.

         Note 9. Share-Based Compensation

             In 2019, the Company’s 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2011 Plan”) was amended, restated and re-named the 2018
         Equity Incentive Plan (“2018 Plan”). The shares available for issuance under the 2011 Plan were added to the shares
         reserved for issuance under the 2018 Plan.

             The 2018 Plan provides for the grant of stock options (including incentive stock options and non-qualified stock
         options), stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units (“RSUs”), performance units, and performance
         shares to the Company’s employees, directors, and consultants. As of December 31, 2022, the maximum aggregate
         number of shares that may be issued under the 2018 Plan was 20,915,919 shares of the Company’s common stock. In
         addition, the number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2018 Plan will be increased automatically on the first day
         of each fiscal year beginning with the 2020 fiscal year, by a number equal to the least of: (i) 2,144,521 shares; (ii) 4.0% of
         the shares of common stock outstanding on the last day



                                                                         104



187 sur 223                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




188 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)



         of the prior fiscal year; or (iii) such number of shares determined by the Company’s Board of Directors. As of January 1,
         2023, the maximum aggregate number of shares that may be issued under the 2018 Plan increased to 23,060,440 shares.

             The 2018 Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company’s Board of Directors at any time, provided
         such action does not impair the existing rights of any participant, subject to stockholder approval of any amendment to the
         2018 Plan as required by applicable law or listing requirements. Unless sooner terminated by the Company’s Board of
         Directors, the 2018 Plan will automatically terminate on November 14, 2028.

              The following table summarizes the shares available for grant under the 2018 Plan:

                                                                                                      Shares Available for Grant
         Balance - December 31, 2021                                                                                     6,515,807
         Authorized                                                                                                      2,144,521
         Granted                                                                                                        (1,943,701)
         Shares withheld to cover taxes                                                                                     40,795
         Forfeited                                                                                                       1,091,410
         Balance - December 31, 2022                                                                                     7,848,832


             As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 3,999,933 and 3,956,364 shares, respectively, issuable under stock
         options outstanding, 993,313 and 608,175 shares, respectively, issuable under unvested RSUs outstanding, and
         8,145,769 and 7,730,884 shares, respectively, issued for stock option exercises and RSU settlement.

              Stock Options

            Following are the assumptions used in the Black-Scholes valuation model for options granted during the periods
         shown below:

                                                                                              Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                      2022             2021               2020
         Risk-free interest rate                                                      2.3%             1.4%               1.3%
         Average expected term (years)                                                 7.0              7.0                7.0
         Expected volatility                                                         55.0%             55.7%             55.0%
         Dividend yield                                                                —                 —                 —

              •   Risk-Free Interest Rate: The yield on actively traded non-inflation indexed US Treasury notes with the same
                  maturity as the expected term of the underlying options was used as the average risk-free interest rate.

              •   Expected Term: As the Company does not have sufficient historical experience for determining the expected term
                  of the stock option awards granted, the Company’s expected term is based on the simplified method, generally
                  calculated as the mid-point between the vesting date and the end of the contractual term.

              •   Expected Volatility: As the Company has only been a public entity since May 2, 2019, there is not a substantive
                  share price history to calculate volatility and, as such, the Company has elected to use an approximation based on
                  the volatility of other comparable public companies, which compete directly with the Company, over the expected
                  term of the options.




                                                                       105




189 sur 223                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                     https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)



                •   Dividend Yield: The Company has not issued regular dividends on common shares in the past nor does the
                    Company expect to issue dividends in the future.

              Forfeiture Rate: The Company estimates the forfeiture rate at the time of grant based on past awards canceled, the
         number of awards granted, and vesting terms and adjusted, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ
         from those estimates. The cumulative effect on current and prior periods of a change in the estimated number of awards
         likely to vest is recognized in compensation cost in the period of the change.

            The 2018 Plan generally provides that the Board of Directors may set the vesting schedule applicable to grants
         approved under the 2018 Plan. The Company has not granted equity awards with performance-based vesting conditions.

              Option grants to new and continuing employees in 2022, and to new employees in 2021 and 2020, generally vest 25%
         of the total award on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date, and thereafter ratably vesting monthly over
         the remaining three-year period, subject to continued employment through the vesting date. Option grants to continuing
         employees in 2021 and 2020 generally vest monthly over a 48-month period, subject to continued employment through the
         vesting date. Option grants to certain continuing employees in 2021 vest every six months over two years, subject to
         continued employment through the vesting date. An option grant to one executive officer in 2021 vested over three months
         from the vesting commencement date.

             The following table summarizes the Company’s stock option activity during the period from December 31, 2019
         through December 31, 2022:

                                                                                                                 Weighted
                                                                              Number            Weighted         Average              Aggregate
                                                                                 of             Average         Remaining              Intrinsic
                                                                               Stock            Exercise        Contractual            Value (in
                                                                              Options            Price          Life (Years)        thousands)(1)
         Outstanding at December 31, 2019                                     5,170,976     $        14.28           7.5        $        329,879
         Granted                                                                268,193     $        99.74           —          $             —
         Exercised                                                           (1,163,374)    $         7.75           —          $        132,935
         Canceled/Forfeited                                                     (57,517)    $        37.14           —          $             —
         Outstanding at December 31, 2020                                     4,218,278     $         21.2           6.6        $        443,595
         Granted                                                                475,520     $        91.42           —          $             —
         Exercised                                                             (485,016)    $        16.76           —          $         51,901
         Canceled/Forfeited                                                    (252,418)    $        70.41           —          $             —
         Outstanding at December 31, 2021                                     3,956,364     $        27.04           5.9        $        180,302
         Granted                                                                841,630     $        38.93           —          $             —
         Exercised                                                             (223,175)    $         7.28           —          $          7,026
         Canceled/Forfeited                                                    (574,886)    $        62.29           —          $             —
         Outstanding at December 31, 2022                                     3,999,933     $        25.58           5.3        $         20,712
         Vested and exercisable at December 31, 2022                          3,138,890     $        19.56           4.3        $          20,712
         Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022                     3,789,166     $        24.40           5.0        $          20,712

              __________
              (1) Aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the value of common stock on the transaction date and the
              exercise price multiplied by the number of shares issuable under the stock option. Aggregate intrinsic value of shares outstanding at
              the beginning and end of the reporting period is calculated as the difference between the value of common stock on the beginning and
              end dates, respectively, and the exercise price multiplied by the number of shares outstanding.




                                                                               106




190 sur 223                                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)



              During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded in aggregate $14.5 million, $13.3
         million and $13.1 million, respectively, of share-based compensation expense related to options. The share-based
         compensation expense is included in cost of goods sold, research and development expenses and SG&A expenses in the
         Company’s consolidated statements of operations.

             As of December 31, 2022, there was $15.2 million in unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested stock
         option awards which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average vesting period of 1.2 years.

              Restricted Stock Units

              RSU grants to new employees in the year ended December 31, 2022 generally vest 25% of the total award on the first
         anniversary of the vesting commencement date, and thereafter vest quarterly over the remaining three years of the award,
         subject to continued employment through the vesting date. RSU grants to certain continuing employees in the year ended
         December 31, 2022 vest 50% of the total award on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date, and thereafter
         vest quarterly over the remaining four quarters of the award, subject to continued employment through the vesting date.
         RSU grants to certain continuing employees in the year ended December 31, 2022 vest 25% of the total award each
         quarter over four quarters, subject to continued employment through the vesting date. An RSU grant to one executive
         officer in the year ended December 31, 2022 vested 100% over three months from the vesting commencement date.

               RSU grants to new employees in the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 vest 25% of the total award on the
         first anniversary of the vesting commencement date, and thereafter vest quarterly over the remaining three years of the
         award, subject to continued employment through the vesting date. RSU grants in the year ended December 31, 2021
         include fully vested RSUs granted to an executive officer issued in settlement of the obligation discussed below under
         Share-Settled Obligation. RSU grants to continuing employees in the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 generally
         vest quarterly over 16 quarters, subject to continued employment through the vesting date. In the year ended December
         31, 2021, one RSU grant granted to continuing employees vests every 6 months over a two-year period, subject to
         continued employment through the vesting date. RSU grants to two executive officers in the year ended December 31,
         2022 vest quarterly over four and eight quarters, respectively, subject to continued employment through the vesting date.

             Annual RSU grants to directors on the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) in 2022, 2021 and 2020 vest
         monthly over a one-year period and RSU grants to new directors on the Board vest monthly over a three-year period. RSU
         grants to consultants and non-employee brand ambassadors in 2022, 2021 and 2020 have a variety of different vesting
         schedules.

              The following table summarizes the Company’s RSU activity from December 31, 2019 through December 31, 2022:




                                                                      107




191 sur 223                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)



                                                                                                                          Weighted
                                                                                                                           Average
                                                                                                        Number of       Grant Date Fair
                                                                                                          Units         Value Per Unit
         Unvested at December 31, 2019                                                                      149,004     $       132.73
         Granted                                                                                            244,752     $       109.61
         Vested                                                                                             (99,970)    $       127.71
         Canceled/Forfeited                                                                                 (17,797)    $           —
         Unvested at December 31, 2020                                                                      275,989     $       114.99
         Granted                                                                                            562,909     $        86.00
         Vested                                                                                            (120,599)    $       123.10
         Canceled/Forfeited                                                                                (110,124)    $           —
         Unvested at December 31, 2021                                                                      608,175     $        89.00
         Granted                                                                                          1,102,071     $        29.12
         Vested                                                                                            (200,932)    $        88.20
         Canceled/Forfeited                                                                                (516,001)    $           —
         Unvested at December 31, 2022                                                                      993,313     $        35.98

            During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded in aggregate $19.4 million,
         $12.6 million and $9.8 million, respectively, of share-based compensation expense related to RSUs. The share-based
         compensation expense is included in cost of goods sold, research and development expense and SG&A expenses in the
         Company’s consolidated statements of operations.

             As of December 31, 2022, there was $22.6 million in unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested RSUs
         which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average vesting period of 1.1 years.

              Share-Settled Obligation

              Share-based compensation expense in 2021 and 2020 includes $1.5 million and $3.0 million, respectively, for a liability
         classified, share-settled obligation to an executive officer related to a sign-on award pursuant to the terms of the executive
         officer’s offer letter. The share-based compensation expense related to this share-settled obligation is included in SG&A
         expenses in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations. There was no share-based compensation expense
         related to the share-settled obligation in 2022.

             The Company is obligated to deliver a variable number of shares based on a fixed monetary amount on the first
         annual anniversary of the executive officer’s commencement date and on each quarterly anniversary thereafter through
         the second annual anniversary. The liability classified award is considered unearned until the requirements for issuance of
         the shares are met and is included in “Accrued expenses and other current liabilities” in the Company’s consolidated
         balance sheet as of December 31, 2020 in the amount of $1.0 million.

              In 2021, two quarterly tranches related to this obligation were earned, and the Company delivered to the executive
         officer 20,872 fully vested RSUs with a settlement date fair value of $2.5 million. The executive officer separated from the
         Company effective August 27, 2021. As a result, the fourth quarterly tranche was unearned and canceled. As of
         December 31, 2022, there was no accrued unrecognized compensation expense related to this share-settled obligation in
         “Accrued expenses and other current liabilities” in the Company’s consolidated balance sheet. Financing activities in the
         statement of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 includes $0, $2.5 million and $0,
         respectively, noncash reclassification of the share-settled obligation from “Other current liabilities” to “Additional paid-in
         capital.”




                                                                        108



192 sur 223                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




193 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)



              Restricted Stock to Nonemployees

              In 2022 and 2021, the Company issued no restricted stock.

              The following table summarizes the Company’s restricted stock activity:

                                                                                                      Weighted         Weighted
                                                                                     Number           Average           Average
                                                                                   of Shares of      Remaining         Grant Date
                                                                                    Restricted       Contractual       Fair Value
                                                                                      Stock          Life (Years)      Per Share
         Unvested at December 31, 2019                                                   88,988          1.2                  19.49
         Granted                                                                               0         —                       —
         Vested/Released                                                                (76,804)         —                    19.97
         Canceled/Forfeited                                                                  —           —                       —
         Unvested at December 31, 2020                                                   12,184          0.3                  20.02
         Granted                                                                             —           —                       —
         Vested/Released                                                                (12,184)         —                    20.02
         Canceled/Forfeited                                                                  —           —                       —
         Unvested at December 31, 2021                                                       —           —                       —

             During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded in aggregate $0, $0.2 million and
         $1.4 million, respectively, of share-based compensation expense related to restricted stock issued to nonemployee brand
         ambassadors, which is included in SG&A expenses in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations.

              As of December 31, 2022, there was $0 in unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested restricted stock.

              Employee Stock Purchase Plan

             On November 15, 2018, the Company’s Board of Directors adopted its 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“2018
         ESPP”), which was subsequently approved by the Company’s stockholders and became effective on April 30, 2019, the
         day immediately prior to the effectiveness of the registration statement filed in connection with the IPO. The 2018 ESPP is
         intended to qualify as an “employee stock purchase plan” within the meaning of Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code
         (the “Code”) for U.S. employees. In addition, the 2018 ESPP authorizes grants of purchase rights that do not comply with
         Section 423 of the Code under a separate non-423 component for non-U.S. employees and certain non-U.S. service
         providers. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has reserved 2,412,585 shares of common stock for issuance under
         the 2018 ESPP. In addition, the number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2018 ESPP will be increased
         automatically on the first day of each fiscal year for a period of up to ten years, starting with the 2020 fiscal year, by a
         number equal to the least of: (i) 536,130 shares; (ii) 1.0% of the shares of common stock outstanding on the last day of the
         prior fiscal year; or (iii) such lesser number of shares determined by the Company’s Board of Directors. As of January 1,
         2023, the maximum aggregate number of shares that may be issued under the 2018 ESPP increased to 2,948,715 shares.
         The 2018 ESPP is expected to be implemented through a series of offerings under which participants are granted
         purchase rights to purchase shares of the Company’s common stock on specified dates during such offerings. The
         administrator has not yet approved an offering under the 2018 ESPP.

         Note 10. Commitments and Contingencies

              Leases

              On January 14, 2021, the Company entered into the Campus Lease with HC Hornet Way, LLC, a Delaware limited
         liability company (the “Landlord”), to house the Company’s Campus Headquarters.




                                                                       109



194 sur 223                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




195 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)



            Under the terms of the Campus Lease, the Company will lease an aggregate of approximately 282,000 rentable
         square feet in a portion of a building located at 888 Douglas Street, El Segundo, California, to be built out by the Landlord
         and delivered to the Company in multiple phases. During 2022, the tenant improvements associated with Phase 1-A were
         completed and the underlying asset was delivered to the Company. Therefore, the Company has recognized a right-of-use
         asset and lease liability for Phase 1-A in its consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. See Note 4. Aggregate
         payments towards base rent over the initial lease term associated with the remaining phases not yet delivered to the
         Company will be approximately $118.4 million.

             Concurrent with the Company’s execution of the Campus Lease, as a security deposit, the Company delivered to the
         Landlord a letter of credit in the amount of $12.5 million which amount will decrease to: (i) $6.3 million on the fifth (5th)
         anniversary of the Rent Commencement Date (as defined in the Campus Lease); (ii) $3.1 million on the eighth (8th)
         anniversary of the Rent Commencement Date; and (iii) $0 in the event the Company receives certain credit ratings;
         provided the Company is not then in default of its obligations under the Campus Lease. The letter of credit is secured by a
         $12.6 million deposit reflected in the Company’s consolidated balance sheet as “Restricted cash” as of December 31,
         2022.

              China Investment and Lease Agreement

             On September 22, 2020, the Company and its subsidiary, BYND JX, entered into an investment agreement with the
         Administrative Committee (the “JX Committee”) of the Jiaxing Economic & Technological Development Zone (the “JXEDZ”)
         pursuant to which, among other things, BYND JX has agreed to make certain investments in the JXEDZ in two phases of
         development, and the Company has agreed to guarantee certain repayment obligations of BYND JX under such
         agreement. In the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company received $0 and $1.1 million, respectively, in
         subsidies from the JXEDZ Finance Bureau which is recorded in “Other, net” in the Company’s consolidated statement of
         operations.

             During Phase 1, the Company agreed to invest $10.0 million as the registered capital of BYND JX in the JXEDZ
         through intercompany investment in BYND JX and BYND JX agreed to lease a facility in the JXEDZ for a minimum of two
         years. In connection with such agreement, BYND JX entered into a factory leasing contract with an affiliate of the JX
         Committee, pursuant to which BYND JX agreed to lease and renovate a facility in the JXEDZ and lease it for a minimum of
         two years. In the year ended December 31, 2022, the lease was amended to extend the term for an additional five years
         without rent escalation. In the fourth quarter of 2021, BYND JX leased an approximately 12,000 square foot facility in
         Shanghai, China, for a period of eight years, which is used as a local research and development facility to support the local
         manufacturing operations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had invested $22.0 million as the registered capital of
         BYND JX and advanced $20.0 million to BYND JX.

              In the event that the Company and BYND JX determine, in their sole discretion, to proceed with the Phase 2
         development in the JXEDZ, BYND JX has agreed in the first stage of Phase 2 to increase its registered capital to $40.0
         million and to acquire the land use right to a state-owned land plot in the JXEDZ to conduct development and construction
         of a new production facility. Following the first stage of Phase 2, the Company and BYND JX may determine, in their sole
         discretion, to permit BYND JX to obtain a second state-owned land plot in the JXEDZ in order to construct an additional
         facility thereon.

              The Planet Partnership

             On January 25, 2021, the Company entered into TPP, a joint venture with PepsiCo, Inc., to develop, produce and
         market innovative snack and beverage products made from plant-based protein. For the years ended December 31, 2022
         and December 31, 2021, the Company recognized its share of the net losses in TPP in the amount of $18.9 million and
         $3.0 million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company contributed its share of the investment in
         TPP, $11.0 million, which was increased to $24.3 million in the year ended December 31, 2022. See Note 2 and Note 13.
         Subsequent to the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company contributed an additional $3.3 million as its share of the
         additional investment in TPP.


                                                                        110



196 sur 223                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




197 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)



             In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company began taking steps to restructure certain contracts and operating activities
         related to Beyond Meat Jerky. Such activities are expected to continue through most of 2023.

              Purchase Commitments

            As of December 31, 2022, the Company had committed to purchase pea protein inventory totaling $40.2 million in
         2023.

               On April 6, 2022, the Company entered into a co-manufacturing agreement (“Agreement”) with a co-manufacturer to
         manufacture various products for the Company. The Agreement includes a minimum order quantity commitment per month
         and an aggregate quantity over a 5-year term. For a portion of the contract term, if the minimum order for a month is not
         fulfilled, the Company may be assessed a fee per pound, which fee may be waived by the co-manufacturer upon reaching
         certain aggregate quantity limits.

                      The following table sets forth the schedule of the fees for the committed quantity under the Agreement.
                                                                                                                     As of
              (in thousands)                                                                                    December 31, 2022
              2023                                                                                          $               10,068
              2024                                                                                                          11,820
              2025                                                                                                          11,820
              2026                                                                                                          11,820
              2027                                                                                                          39,096
              Total                                                                                         $               84,624

              Litigation

              Don Lee Farms I and Don Lee Farms II

              As previously reported by the Company in the 2021 10-K and on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 2, 2022
         filed with the SEC on August 11, 2022, Don Lee Farms and certain of its employees, on the one hand, and Beyond Meat,
         and certain of its respective current and former employees, on the other hand, were parties to litigation filed in the Superior
         Court of the State of California for the County of Los Angeles (Case No. BC662838, the “State Court Case”) and the
         United States District Court for the Central District of California (Case No. 2:22-CV-03751-AB-GJS, the “Federal Court
         Case”). On October 18, 2022, the parties entered into a confidential written settlement agreement and mutual release,
         pursuant to which the parties agreed to dismiss all claims and cross-claims asserted in the State Court Case and Federal
         Court Case with prejudice. The terms of the settlement did not have a material impact on Beyond Meat’s financial position
         or results of operations. No party admitted liability or wrongdoing in connection with the settlement.

              Consumer Class Actions Regarding Protein Claims

              From May 31, 2022 through January 13, 2023, multiple putative class action lawsuits were filed against the Company
         in various federal and state courts alleging that the labeling and marketing of certain of the Company’s products is false
         and/or misleading under federal and/or various states’ laws. Specifically, each of these lawsuits allege one or more of the
         following theories of liability: (i) that the labels and related marketing of the challenged products misstate the quantitative
         amount of protein that is provided by each serving of the product; (ii) that the labels and related marketing of the
         challenged products misstate the percent daily value of protein that is provided by each serving of the product; and (iii) that
         the Company has represented that the challenged products are “all-natural,” “organic,” or contain no “synthetic” ingredients
         when they in fact contain methylcellulose, an allegedly synthetic ingredient. The named plaintiffs of each complaint seek to
         represent classes of nationwide and/or state-specific consumers, and seek on behalf of the putative classes damages,




                                                                         111



198 sur 223                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




199 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)



         restitution, and injunctive relief, among other relief. Additional complaints asserting these theories of liability are possible.
         Some lawsuits previously filed were voluntarily withdrawn or dismissed without prejudice; though they may be refiled.

             On November 14, 2022, Beyond Meat filed a motion with the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation to transfer and
         consolidate all pending class actions. No party opposed the motion, and the Panel held oral argument on the motion on
         January 26, 2023. The Panel granted the motion on February 1, 2023, consolidating the pending class action lawsuits and
         transferring them to Judge Sara Ellis in the Northern District of Illinois for pre-trial proceedings. The initial status
         conference in the multidistrict litigation is set for March 3, 2023.

             The Company intends to vigorously defend against all claims asserted in the complaints. Based on the Company’s
         current knowledge, the Company has determined that the amount of any material loss or range of any losses that is
         reasonably possible to result from these lawsuits is not estimable.

              The active lawsuits are:

              •   Roberts v. Beyond Meat, Inc., No. 1:22-cv-02861 (N.D. Ill.) (filed May 31, 2022)

              •   Cascio v. Beyond Meat, Inc., No. 1:22-cv-04018 (E.D.N.Y.) (filed July 8, 2022)

              •   Miller v. Beyond Meat, Inc., No. 1:22-cv-06336 (S.D.N.Y.) (filed July 26, 2022)

              •   Garcia v. Beyond Meat, Inc., No. 4:22-cv-00297 (S.D. IA.) (filed September 9, 2022)

              •   Borovoy v. Beyond Meat, Inc., No. 1:22-cv-06302 (N.D. Ill.) (filed September 30, 2022 in DuPage Co., Ill.; removed
                  on Nov. 10, 2022)

              •   Zakinov v Beyond Meat, Inc., No. 4:23-cv-00144 (SD TX) (filed January 13, 2023)


              Securities Related Litigation

              As previously reported by the Company in the 2021 10-K and on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 2, 2022
         filed with the SEC on August 11, 2022, the parties have reached a settlement of the Weiner, Brink/Klein and Chew
         derivative actions. On April 8, 2022, the Company published notice of the preliminary approval and the proposed
         settlement in accordance with the Stipulation of Settlement. On April 18, 2022, the Company paid to escrow the $515,000
         for Plaintiffs’ attorneys’ fees and costs and on April 19, 2022, the Company filed proof of notice with the Court. Plaintiffs
         filed their motion for final approval on June 13, 2022. On July 1, 2022, Plaintiffs filed a notice of non-objection, stating that
         they received no objections to the proposed settlement. The Final Approval Hearing was scheduled for July 11, 2022, but
         on July 7, 2022, the Court entered a Scheduling Notice and Order finding that Plaintiffs’ motion for final approval is
         appropriate for submission on the papers without oral argument. On September 27, 2022, the Court entered a Final Order
         and Judgment approving the settlement. The appeal period expired on October 27, 2022, which means that the settlement
         of these actions is now final. On October 31, 2022, plaintiff’s counsel in the Chew action, in accordance with the Stipulation
         of Settlement, filed a Joint Stipulation and [Proposed] Order to Dismiss Action with Prejudice, which was signed and
         entered by the Court on November 1, 2022.

              Interbev

             In October 2020, Interbev, a French trade association for the cattle industry sent a cease-and-desist letter to one of the
         Company’s contract manufacturers alleging that the use of “meat” and meat-related terms is misleading the French
         consumer. Despite the Company’s best efforts to reach a settlement, including a formal settlement proposal from the
         Company in March 2021, the association no longer responded. Instead, on March 13, 2022, the Company was served a
         summons by Interbev to appear before the Commercial Court of Paris. The summons alleges that the Company misleads
         the French consumer with references to e.g. “plant based


                                                                          112



200 sur 223                                                                                                                       4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




201 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)



         meat,” “plant based burger” and related descriptive names, and alleges that the Company is denigrating meat and meat
         products. The relief sought by Interbev includes (i) changing the presentation of Beyond Meat products to avoid any
         potential confusion with meat products, (ii) publication of the judgment of the court in the media, and (iii) damages of EUR
         200,000. On October 12, 2022, the Company submitted its brief in defense. On February 1, 2023, the French trade
         association submitted updated pleadings to the Commercial Court. The association maintains its position that the
         Company is misleading the consumer, and additionally alleges that it is engaging in unlawful comparative advertising of its
         products with respect to meat and meat products. The relief sought is unchanged. The Company strongly disputes these
         claims and will defend its position with the utmost vigor. The litigation is expected to take at least 18 months in the first
         instance, and if the Court rules against the Company, it could disrupt the Company’s ability to market in France.

               Decree prohibiting meat names

              On June 29, 2022, France adopted a Decree implementing a prohibition of June 2020 on the use of denominations
         used for foodstuffs of animal origin to describe, market or promote foodstuffs containing plant proteins (“Decree”). The
         Decree prohibits the use of meat names (such as “sausage” or “meatballs”) for plant-based products, from its date of entry
         into force on October 1, 2022. On July 27, 2022, the French High Administrative Court issued a temporary and partial
         suspension of the execution of the Decree, in response to a motion filed by a French trade association. While the Court
         has not yet handed down a decision on the merits, the suspension indicates that it has serious doubts as to the
         substantive lawfulness of the Decree.

             The Company does not believe that the Decree complies with the laws of the European Union (EU), and in particular
         the principle of free movement of goods, nor with French rules requiring laws to be clear and accessible. On October 21,
         2022, the Company filed a request for annulment of the Decree before the French High Administrative Court. On
         November 16, 2022, the Company filed a voluntary intervention in the French trade association’s own application for
         annulment, to ensure that both the Company’s voice and strong EU law arguments are heard. On January 23, 2023, the
         French Ministry for the Economy responded to the Company’s request for annulment and intervention. The Ministry’s
         response makes clear that it will enforce the Decree as a blanket ban on the use of all meaty names for plant-based
         products in France. The Company maintains its position that the Decree is illegal under French and EU law, and will
         continue to fight the Decree with utmost vigor. A decision from the Court is expected sometime during 2023, and should
         the Court hold that the Decree is lawful, it could impact the Company’s ability to market in France, as it will need to take
         steps to amend its labels in line with the Decree.

             The Company is involved in various other legal proceedings, claims, and litigation arising in the ordinary course of
         business. Based on the facts currently available, the Company does not believe that the disposition of such matters that
         are pending or asserted will have a material effect on its financial statements.

         Note 11. Income Taxes

            A reconciliation of loss before income taxes for domestic and foreign locations for the years ended December 31,
         2022, 2021 and 2020 is as follows:

         (in thousands)                                                                       Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                     2022              2021                 2020
              United States                                                   $       (290,765) $        (155,810) $          (51,378)
              Foreign                                                                  (56,392)           (23,258)             (1,302)
              Loss before income taxes                                        $       (347,157) $        (179,068) $          (52,680)




                                                                        113




202 sur 223                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                           https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)



              The provision for income taxes was as follows:

         (in thousands)                                                                     Year Ended December 31,
         Current:                                                                   2022             2021              2020
          Federal                                                           $               —    $          —    $            —
          State                                                                             32              60                72
                                                                            $               32   $          60   $            72

         Deferred:
          Federal                                                           $               —    $          —    $            —
          State                                                                             —               —                 —
                                                                            $               —    $          —    $            —


         Provision for income tax                                           $               32   $          60   $            72

            The Company has provided a 100% valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets. The provision for income taxes in
         2022, 2021 and 2020 is primarily for taxes payable to the states.

             A reconciliation of income tax expense from continuing operations to the amount computed by applying the statutory
         federal income tax rate to the net loss from continuing operations is summarized as follows:

                                                                                             Year Ended December 31,
         (in thousands)                                                              2022             2021             2020
         U.S. income tax at federal statutory rate                              $      (72,902) $       (38,229) $       (11,063)
         State income tax, net of federal benefits                                      (8,841)          (4,991)          (1,962)
         Foreign rate differential                                                      (2,536)            (985)             (54)
         Share-based compensation                                                        1,479           (4,932)         (21,007)
         Research and development credits                                                   (5)             (20)             (10)
         Change in tax rates                                                               204             (719)           2,989
         Other                                                                          (2,807)             771              529
         Change in valuation allowance                                                  85,440           49,165           30,650
         Provision for income tax                                               $           32 $             60 $             72




                                                                     114




203 sur 223                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)



            Significant components of the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 are
         shown below.

                                                                                                          December 31,
         (in thousands)                                                                            2022                  2021
         Deferred Tax Assets:
         Net operating loss (NOL)                                                           $          198,358    $          128,006
         Operating lease liability                                                                      20,659                    —
         Intangibles                                                                                     7,189                 1,308
         Share-based compensation                                                                        8,746                 4,584
         Interest                                                                                           —                    388
         Inventory reserve                                                                               3,757                 2,139
         Other                                                                                          11,087                 1,820
         Total gross deferred tax assets                                                               249,796               138,245

         Deferred Tax liabilities:
         Operating lease right-of-use assets                                                            20,497                     —
         Property, plant and equipment                                                                   4,805                  3,056
         Total gross deferred tax liabilities                                                           25,302                  3,056

         Valuation allowance                                                                           224,494               135,189
         Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)                                              $               —     $               —

              As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, management assessed the realizability of deferred tax assets and evaluated the
         need for an amount of a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets on a jurisdictional basis. This evaluation utilizes the
         framework contained in ASC 740, “Income Taxes,” pursuant to which management analyzed all positive and negative
         evidence available at the balance sheet date to determine whether all or some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be
         realized. Under this guidance, a valuation allowance must be established for deferred tax assets when it is more likely than
         not (a probability level of more than 50%) that they will not be realized.

              In concluding on the evaluation, management placed significant emphasis on guidance in ASC 740, which states that
         “a cumulative loss in recent years is a significant piece of negative evidence that is difficult to overcome.” Based upon
         available evidence, it was concluded on a more-likely-than-not basis that certain deferred tax assets were not realizable as
         of December 31, 2022. Accordingly, a valuation allowance of $224.5 million has been recorded to offset these deferred tax
         assets. The change in valuation allowance for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 2021 was an increase of $89.3
         million.

             As of December 31, 2022, the Company has accumulated federal, state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards
         of approximately $744.5 million, $314.2 million and $84.1 million, respectively, of which approximately $652.7 million of the
         federal net operating losses and $84.9 million of the state net operating losses do not expire and the remaining federal,
         state and foreign tax loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2031, 2031 and 2025 respectively, unless previously utilized. As
         of December 31, 2021, the Company had accumulated federal, state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of
         approximately $514.1 million, $201.7 million and $24.6 million, respectively.

             Pursuant to Internal Revenue Code (IRC) Sections 382 and 383, annual use of the Company's net operating loss
         (NOLs) and research and development credit carryforwards may be limited in the event a cumulative change in ownership
         of more than 50% occurs within a three-year period. The Company has




                                                                       115



204 sur 223                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




205 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)



         completed a section 382 analysis through October 1, 2022 and concluded ownership changes occurred in 2011, 2013 and
         2015. However, these ownership changes are not expected to result in a material limitation on future use of the Company’s
         NOLs and credit carryforwards generated prior to these ownership changes pursuant. Changes may have occurred in the
         fourth quarter of 2022 and may occur in the future that could limit the Company's ability to utilize tax attributes. Any
         adjustment to the Company's tax attributes as a result of such ownership changes will result in a corresponding decrease
         to the valuation allowance recorded against the Company's deferred tax assets.

            The following table summarizes the activity related to the Company’s gross unrecognized tax benefits at the beginning
         and end of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021:

                                                                                                     Year Ended December 31,
         (in thousands)                                                                              2022              2021
         Gross unrecognized tax benefits at the beginning of the year                        $            8,861    $             5,399
         Increases related to current year positions                                                      1,465                  3,462
         Increases/Decreases related to prior year positions                                                 —                      —
         Expiration of unrecognized tax benefits                                                             —                      —
         Gross unrecognized tax benefits at the end of the year                              $           10,326    $             8,861



             As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had $9.4 million and $8.0 million, respectively, of unrecognized tax
         benefits from research and development tax credits, none of which, if recognized, would affect the Company’s effective tax
         rate.

             The Company recognizes interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense.
         During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, interest and penalties recognized were insignificant. The
         Company does not expect any significant increases or decreases to its unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12
         months.

             The Company files U.S. federal, state and foreign income tax returns in jurisdictions with varying statute of limitations.
         The Company’s tax years from 2011 (inception) are subject to examination by the US federal, state and foreign tax
         authorities due to the carry forward of unutilized tax attributes.

              With respect to the income of its foreign subsidiaries, the Company asserts the position that the undistributed earnings
         of its foreign subsidiaries are permanently invested in that jurisdiction. As a result, no additional income taxes have been
         provided on the possible repatriation of these earnings to the parent company. The Company does not have any
         unremitted earnings as of December 31, 2022.

              The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act subjects a U.S. shareholder to tax on Global Intangible Low-taxes Income (“GILTI”) earned
         by certain foreign subsidiaries. Pursuant to the FASB Staff Q&A, Topic 740 No.5. Accounting for Global Intangible Low-
         taxed Income, the Company is allowed to make an accounting policy election to either recognize deferred taxes for
         temporary basis differences expected to reverse as GIL TI in future years or to provide for the tax expense related to GILTI
         in the year the tax is incurred as period expense only. The Company has elected to account for GILTI in the year the tax is
         incurred.

         Note 12. Net Loss Per Share Available to Common Stockholders (“EPS”)

             The Company calculates basic and diluted net loss per share available to common stockholders in conformity with the
         two-class method required for companies with participating securities. Pursuant to ASU 2020-06, the Company applies the
         more dilutive of the if-converted method and the two-class method to its Notes. See Note 2.




                                                                        116



206 sur 223                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




207 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)



              Computation of EPS for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 excludes the dilutive effect of 3,999,933 and
         3,956,364 shares issuable under stock options, respectively, and 993,313 and 608,175 RSUs, respectively, because the
         Company incurred a net loss and their inclusion would have been antidilutive. Computation of EPS for the year ended
         December 31, 2020 also excludes adjustments under the two-class method relating to a liability classified, share-settled
         obligation to an executive officer to deliver a variable number of shares based on a fixed monetary amount because the
         shares to be delivered are not participating securities as they do not have voting rights and are not entitled to participate in
         dividends until they are issued. The share-settled obligation that was scheduled to vest in the third quarter of 2021 was
         canceled because the executive officer separated from the Company before the vest date and the award was not earned
         (see Note 9). Computation of net loss per share available to common stockholders for the years ended December 31,
         2022 and 2021 also exclude the dilutive effect of the Notes because the Company recorded a net loss in each of the years
         ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. Computation of EPS for the year ended
         December 31, 2020 excludes the dilutive effect of 4,218,278 shares issuable under stock options because the Company
         incurred a net loss and their inclusion would have been antidilutive.

                                                                                                Year Ended December 31,
         (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)                         2022                  2021                 2020
         Numerator:
         Net loss available to common stockholders                           $        (366,137) $          (182,105) $            (52,752)
         Undistributed net income available to unvested restricted
         stockholders                                                                       —                    —                     —
         Net loss available to common stockholders—basic                     $        (366,137) $          (182,105) $            (52,752)
         Denominator:
           Weighted average common shares outstanding—basic                        63,622,432            63,172,368            62,290,445
           Dilutive effect of shares issuable under stock options                          —                     —                     —
           Dilutive effect of RSUs                                                         —                     —                     —
           Dilutive effect of share-settled obligation                                     —                     —                     —
           Dilutive effect of Notes, if converted(1)                                       —                     —                     —
              Weighted average common shares outstanding—diluted                   63,622,432            63,172,368            62,290,445
         Net loss per share available to common stockholders—basic           $              (5.75) $             (2.88) $             (0.85)

         ______________
         (1) As the Company recorded a net loss in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, inclusion of shares from the conversion
             premium or spread would be anti-dilutive. The Company had $1.2 billion and Notes outstanding during the year ended December 31,
             2022 and 2021 and none during the year ended December 31, 2020.



         The following outstanding shares of common stock equivalents were excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per
         share available to common stockholders for the periods presented because the impact of including them would have been
         antidilutive:
                                                                                                Year Ended December 31,
                                                                                     2022                 2021                 2020
         Options to purchase common stock                                            3,999,933             3,956,364            4,218,278
         Restricted stock units                                                        993,313               608,175              275,989
         Total                                                                       4,993,246             4,564,539            4,494,267




                                                                          117




208 sur 223                                                                                                                       4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         BEYOND MEAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)




         Note 13. Related Party Transactions

              TPP

              In connection with the Company’s investment in TPP, a joint venture with PepsiCo, Inc., the Company sells certain
         products directly to the joint venture. In the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company also entered into an agreement
         for a nonrefundable up-front fee associated with its manufacturing and supply agreement with TPP that will be recognized
         over the estimated term of the manufacturing and supply agreement. Net revenues earned from TPP included in U.S. retail
         channel net revenues were $33.5 million and $0 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
         respectively.

              Accounts receivable from TPP were $0.4 million and $0 at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.
         Unrecognized revenue associated with the up-front fee charged to TPP as of December 31, 2022 was $2.0 million and
         included in "Accrued expenses and other current liabilities" in the Company's consolidated balance sheet as of December
         31, 2022. There was no such balance as of December 31, 2021.

              Seth Goldman

              The Company entered into a consulting agreement with Seth Goldman, the Company’s former Executive Chair, on
         March 2, 2016, which was amended and restated on November 15, 2018 and further amended on April 8, 2019. Pursuant
         to the consulting agreement, the Company paid Mr. Goldman $20,210.33 per month for services rendered under the
         consulting agreement.

             Effective February 27, 2020, Seth Goldman resigned as Executive Chair of the Company. Upon such resignation, Mr.
         Goldman continued to serve in his capacity as a Class I director and Chair of the Board of the Company. In connection
         with Mr. Goldman’s resignation as Executive Chair, the Company and Mr. Goldman terminated the consulting agreement
         effective as of February 27, 2020. Total consulting fees paid to Mr. Goldman under the consulting agreement prior to its
         termination in 2020 was $60,631.

              Donald Thompson

             In 2022, the Company entered into a Master Services Agreement with CA Consulting LLC, a restaurant, food tech and
         beverage consulting firm, led by Don Thompson, one of the former directors on the Company’s Board of Directors who
         served until the end of his term in May 2021, for strategic consulting services rendered by CA Consulting LLC. In 2021, the
         Company accrued $1.0 million in payment towards these consulting services and paid it in 2022. The Company did not
         incur any such costs in 2022 or 2020.

              Michael Pucker

             Michael A. Pucker, a partner of Latham & Watkins LLP, is a former member of the Company’s Board of Directors and
         the spouse of Gigi Pritzker Pucker. During 2021, Ms. Pucker may have been deemed to be a holder of more than 5% of
         the shares of the Company’s common stock. In the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company made aggregate
         payments of approximately $15.7 million to Latham & Watkins LLP for legal services. As of December 31, 2021, the
         Company had billed and unbilled fees for legal services of $2.2 million due to Latham & Watkins LLP.

         Note 14. Subsequent Event

            Subsequent to the year ended December 31, 2022, on February 14, 2023, the Company terminated its lease on the
         commercialization center in Commerce, California.

         ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
         DISCLOSURE.

              None.

                                                                      118


209 sur 223                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




210 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.

              Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

              Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, has
         evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under
         the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on that evaluation, our
         principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this
         Annual Report on Form 10-K, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that
         information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
         summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is
         accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
         as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

              Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

              Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as
         defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed
         to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
         for external purposes in accordance with GAAP.

             Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
         Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on
         the framework set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
         Organizations of the Treadway Commission.

            Based on our evaluation under the framework set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013), our
         management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022.

             The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Deloitte
         & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report which is included below.

            Attestation Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial
         Reporting

              The attestation report of the independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte & Touche LLP, on the Company’s
         internal control over financial reporting is included below under the heading “Report of Independent Registered Public
         Accounting Firm.”

              Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

             There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022
         that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

              Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures

              Our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial
         reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide
         only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control
         system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to
         their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute
         assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our Company have been detected.




                                                                         119




211 sur 223                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

         To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Beyond Meat, Inc.
         Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

         We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Beyond Meat, Inc. and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of
         December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
         Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained,
         in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria
         established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.

         We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
         States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company
         and our report dated March 1, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.

         Basis for Opinion

         The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its
         assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s
         Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal
         control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are
         required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the
         applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

         We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and
         perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was
         maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
         reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating
         effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered
         necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

         Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting.

         A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
         reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
         generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
         procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
         transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
         recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
         principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
         management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
         of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial
         statements.

         Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
         projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
         because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

         /s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP
         Los Angeles, California
         March 1, 2023



                                                                       120



212 sur 223                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




213 sur 223                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION.

              None.

         ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS.

              Not applicable.




                                                       121




214 sur 223                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




                                                                  PART III

         ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.

            The information required by this item will be set forth in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference. The
         Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.

              Our board of directors has adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to all of our employees, officers
         and directors, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and other executive and senior financial
         officers. The full text of our code of business conduct and ethics is posted on the investor relations page on our website
         which is located at https://investors.beyondmeat.com/investor-relations. We will post any amendments to our code of
         business conduct and ethics other than technical, administrative or other non-substantive amendments, or waivers of its
         requirements, on our website or in a Form 8-K filed with the SEC.

         ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.

            The information required by this item will be set forth in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
         The Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.

         ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED
         STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.

            The information required by this item will be set forth in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
         The Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.

         ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.

            The information required by this item will be set forth in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
         The Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.

         ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES.

            The information required by this item will be set forth in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
         The Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.




                                                                       122




215 sur 223                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




                                                                    PART IV

         ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.

         (a)(1) Financial Statements

              See Index to Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report.

         (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules

             All financial statement schedules have been omitted as the information is not required under the related instructions or
         is not applicable or because the information required is already included in the financial statements or the notes to those
         financial statements.

         (a)(3) EXHIBITS

              The documents set forth below are filed herewith or incorporated herein by reference to the location indicated.

                                                                EXHIBIT INDEX
          Exhibit No.                                                                                                      Filed
                                          Exhibit Description                          Incorporated by Reference          Herewith
                                                                                    Form          Date      Number
              3.1       Restated Certificate of Incorporation.                      10-Q       6/12/2019      3.1
              3.2       Amended and Restated Bylaws.                                 8-K      12/21/2022      3.1
              4.1       Form of Common Stock Certificate.                           S-1/A      3/27/2019      4.1
              4.2       Amended and Restated Investors’ Rights Agreement,            S-1      11/16/2018      4.2
                        dated as of October 5, 2018, by and among the
                        Registrant and the other parties thereto.
              4.3       Description of Registrant’s Securities.                                                                  X
              4.4       Indenture, dated as of March 5, 2021, between                8-K       3/5/2021         4.1
                        Beyond Meat, Inc. and U.S. Bank National
                        Association, as trustee.
              4.5       Form of certificate representing 0% Convertible Senior       8-K       3/5/2021         4.1
                        Notes due 2027 (included as Exhibit A in Exhibit 4.1 to
                        the Form 8-K filed on 3/5/21).
              10.1      Standard Industrial/Commercial Single-Tenant Lease,          S-1      11/16/2018        10.1
                        dated as of January 18, 2017, by and between Smoky
                        Hollow Industries, LLC and Registrant with
                        attachments thereto.
              10.2      First Amendment dated as of July 1, 2021 to Standard        10-Q       8/12/2021        10.1
                        Industrial/Commercial Single-Tenant Lease, dated as
                        of January 18, 2017, by and between Smoky Hollow
                        Industries, LLC and Registrant with attachments
                        thereto.
              10.3      Second Amendment dated as of January 27, 2022 to            10-Q       5/12/2022        10.2
                        Standard Industrial/Commercial Single-Tenant Lease,
                        dated as of January 18, 2017, as amended, by and
                        between Smoky Hollow Industries, LLC and
                        Registrant.




                                                                        123




216 sur 223                                                                                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                          https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




                                                              EXHIBIT INDEX
          Exhibit No.                                                                                                 Filed
                                        Exhibit Description                      Incorporated by Reference           Herewith
                                                                               Form        Date       Number
              10.4      Third Amendment dated as of March 28, 2022 to          10-Q     5/12/2022      10.3
                        Standard Industrial/Commercial Single-Tenant Lease,
                        dated as of January 18, 2017, as amended, by and
                        between Smoky Hollow Industries, LLC and
                        Registrant.+
              10.5      Fourth Amendment dated as of May 23, 2022 to Lease     10-Q       8/11/2022        10.1
                        dated as of July 1, 2021, as amended, by and between
                        Smoky Hollow Industries, LLC and Registrant.+
              10.6      Fifth Amendment dated as of June 21, 2022 to Lease     10-Q       8/11/2022        10.2
                        dated as of July 1, 2021, as amended, by and between
                        Smoky Hollow Industries, LLC and Registrant.+
              10.7      Sixth Amendment dated as of August 30, 2022 to         10-Q      11/10/2022        10.1
                        Lease dated as of July 1, 2021, as amended, by and
                        between Smoky Hollow Industries, LLC and
                        Registrant.+
              10.8      Lease, dated March 13, 2014, as amended, by and         S-1      11/16/2018        10.2
                        between Sara Maguire LeMone as Trustee of the Sara
                        Maguire LeMone Revocable Trust dated February 6,
                        2004 and Registrant and amendment thereto dated
                        November 1, 2017.
              10.9      Second Lease Amendment to Lease, dated March 13,       10-K       3/19/2020        10.3
                        2014, as amended, by and between Sara Maguire
                        LeMone as Trustee of the Sara Maguire Lemone
                        Revocable Trust and the Company, dated May 6,
                        2019.
              10.10     Third Lease Amendment to Lease, dated March 13,        10-K       3/19/2020        10.4
                        2014, as amended, by and between Sara Maguire
                        LeMone as Trustee of the Sara Maguire Lemone
                        Revocable Trust and the Company, dated March 16,
                        2020.
              10.11     Fourth Lease Amendment to Lease, dated March 13,       10-Q       5/12/2022        10.1
                        2014, as amended, by and between Sara Maguire
                        LeMone as Trustee of the Sara Maguire Lemone
                        Revocable Trust and the Company, dated March 9,
                        2022.
              10.12     Lease, dated October 12, 2017, by and between           S-1      11/16/2018        10.3
                        LeMone Family Limited Partnership, LLLP and
                        Registrant as amended by the Lease Amendment
                        dated April 18, 2018.
              10.13     Second Lease Amendment to Lease, dated October         10-Q       8/11/2020        10.2
                        12, 2017, as amended, by and between LeMone
                        Family Limited Partnership, LLLP and Registrant,
                        dated May 22, 2020.
              10.14     Standard Industrial/Commercial Single-Tenant Lease -   S-1/A      4/15/2019       10.22
                        Net, dated as of February 11, 2019, between GSOB,
                        LLC and Registrant, with attachments thereto.




                                                                    124




217 sur 223                                                                                                            4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




                                                              EXHIBIT INDEX
          Exhibit No.                                                                                                   Filed
                                        Exhibit Description                         Incorporated by Reference          Herewith
                                                                                 Form         Date       Number
              10.15     Lease, dated as of January 14, 2021, by and between       8-K      1/15/2021      10.1
                        Registrant and HC Hornet Way, LLC.
              10.16     Supply Agreement, dated December 28, 2018, by and        S-1/A      4/15/2019       10.10
                        between Roquette America, Inc. and Registrant.+
              10.17     Multi-Year Sales Agreement, dated January 10, 2020,       8-K       1/15/2020        10.1
                        by and between Roquette Frères and Beyond Meat,
                        Inc.+
              10.18     First Amendment dated as of August 3, 2022 to the        10-Q       8/11/2022        10.3
                        Multi-Year Sales Agreement, dated January 10, 2020,
                        by and between Roquette Frères and Beyond Meat,
                        Inc.+
              10.19     Master Supply Agreement, dated as of December 21,        S-1/A      4/15/2019       10.21
                        2018, between Registrant and PURIS Proteins, LLC.+
              10.20     Amendment No. 1 to PURIS Master Supply                   10-Q      11/12/2019        10.1
                        Agreement.
              10.21     Amendment No. 2 to PURIS Master Supply                   10-K       3/2/2022        10.14
                        Agreement.+
              10.22     Form of Indemnification Agreement with directors and     S-1/A      1/9/2019        10.11
                        executive officers.*
              10.23     2011 Equity Incentive Plan, amended as of April 3,       S-1/A      4/15/2019       10.12
                        2019, and related forms of stock award agreements.*
              10.24     2018 Equity Incentive Plan, and related forms of stock   S-1/A      1/9/2019        10.13
                        award agreements.*
              10.25     Amended form of 2018 Equity Incentive Plan stock         10-Q       7/29/2019        10.1
                        option award agreement.*
              10.26     Amended form of 2018 Equity Incentive Plan restricted    10-Q       7/29/2019        10.2
                        stock unit award agreement.*
              10.27     2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.*                      S-1/A      1/9/2019        10.14
              10.28     Executive Incentive Bonus Plan.*                          S-1      11/16/2018       10.15
              10.29     Form of Executive Change in Control Severance             S-1      11/16/2018       10.16
                        Agreement.*
              10.30     Employment Agreement by and between Registrant           S-1/A      1/9/2019        10.20
                        and Ethan Brown.*
              10.31     Offer Letter dated April 29, 2019 with Teri L.            8-K       5/20/2019        10.1
                        Witteman.*
              10.32     Retirement Agreement, dated February 28, 2021, by         8-K       3/1/2021         10.1
                        and between Beyond Meat, Inc. and Mark J. Nelson.*
              10.33     Consulting Agreement, dated February 28, 2021, by         8-K       3/1/2021         10.2
                        and between Beyond Meat, Inc. and Mark J. Nelson.*




                                                                      125




218 sur 223                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




                                                               EXHIBIT INDEX
          Exhibit No.                                                                                                    Filed
                                         Exhibit Description                         Incorporated by Reference          Herewith
                                                                                  Form         Date       Number
              10.34     Form of Confirmation of Base Call Option Transaction,      8-K      3/05/2021      10.1
                        dated March 2, 2021.
              10.35     Form of Confirmation of Additional Call Option             8-K       3/16/2021        10.1
                        Transaction, dated March 12, 2021.
              10.36     Offer Letter dated June 4, 2021 between the Company        8-K       6/10/2021        10.1
                        and Philip E. Hardin.*
              10.37     Offer Letter dated April 21, 2021 between the             10-K       3/2/2022        10.31
                        Company and Deanna Jurgens.*+
              10.38     Offer Letter dated November 5, 2021 between the            8-K       12/8/2021        10.1
                        Company and Douglas W. Ramsey.*
              10.39     Offer Letter dated November 9, 2021 between the           10-K       03/2/2022       10.33
                        Company and George B. Adcock.*+
              10.40     Letter agreement dated November 10, 2022 between           8-K      11/16/2022        10.1
                        the Company and Lubi Kutua.*
              10.41     Separation agreement dated December 4, 2022                8-K       12/6/2022        10.1
                        between the Company and Deanna Jurgens.*+
              10.42     Offer Letter dated February 16, 2021 between the                                                    X
                        Company and Jackie Trask.*+
              10.43     Consulting Agreement dated April 1, 2022 between          10-Q       5/12/2022        10.4
                        the Company and Gary Schultz.*+
              10.44     Amendment dated December 22, 2022 to Consulting                                                     X
                        Agreement dated April 1, 2022 by and between the
                        Company and Gary Schultz.*
              14.1      Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, as amended                                                     X
                        effective as of December 16, 2022
              21.1      List of Subsidiaries of Beyond Meat, Inc.                                                           X
              23.1      Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting                                                 X
                        Firm.
              31.1      Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to                                                X
                        Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities
                        Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted
                        pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
                        2002.
              31.2      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to                                                X
                        Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities
                        Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted
                        pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
                        2002.
              32.1**    Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18                                             X
                        U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
                        906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
              32.2**    Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18                                             X
                        U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
                        906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.




                                                                       126




219 sur 223                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




                                                               EXHIBIT INDEX
          Exhibit No.                                                                                                    Filed
                                         Exhibit Description                        Incorporated by Reference           Herewith
                                                                                  Form        Date       Number
              101       The following financial statements from the Company's                                                 X
                        Yearly Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
                        December 31, 2022 formatted in Inline XBRL: (i)
                        Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated
                        Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated
                        Statements of Comprehensive Loss (iv) Consolidated
                        Statements of Stockholders' (Deficit) Equity, (v)
                        Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) Notes
                        to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as
                        blocks of text and including detailed tags.
              104       Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline                                                 X
                        XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)
         _________________
         *Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

         **This certification is deemed furnished, and not filed, with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be
           incorporated by reference into any filing of Beyond Meat, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the
           Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-
           K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.

         +Certain portions of this document that constitute confidential information have been redacted in accordance with
          Regulation S-K, Item 601(b)(10).




                                                                      127




220 sur 223                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




         ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY.

              None.




                                       128




221 sur 223                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




                                                               SIGNATURES

            Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly
         caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                                                                BEYOND MEAT, INC.

         Date:      March 1, 2023                                              By:       /s/ Ethan Brown
                                                                               Name:     Ethan Brown
                                                                               Title:    President and Chief Executive Officer


                                                         POWER OF ATTORNEY

             Know all persons by these presents, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Ethan
         Brown and Lubi Kutua, and each of them, as such person’s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of
         substitution and resubstitution, for such person and in such person’s name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to
         sign any and all amendments to this annual report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and all
         other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto each said
         attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing
         requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as such person might or
         could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them or their or
         such person’s substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof.

              Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the
         following persons, on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated below on March 1, 2023:

                                   Signature                                                        Title


                               /s/ Ethan Brown                           President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director (Principal
                                 Ethan Brown                                                Executive Officer)

                                /s/ Lubi Kutua                           Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial
                                  Lubi Kutua                                                      Officer)

                                /s/ Henry Dieu                                   Vice President and Corporate Controller
                                  Henry Dieu                                          (Principal Accounting Officer)
                               /s/ Seth Goldman
                                                                                             Chair of the Board
                                Seth Goldman

                               /s/ Sally Grimes                                                   Director
                                 Sally Grimes




                                                                      129




222 sur 223                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
bynd-20221231                                   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1655210/0001655210230000...




                      /s/ Colleen Jay
                                                                        Director
                       Colleen Jay
                   /s/ Raymond J. Lane
                                                                        Director
                    Raymond J. Lane
                     /s/ Muktesh Pant
                                                                        Director
                      Muktesh Pant

                      /s/ Ned Segal
                                                                        Director
                        Ned Segal

                /s/ Christopher Isaac Stone
                                                                        Director
                 Christopher Isaac Stone

                    /s/ Kathy N. Waller
                                                                        Director
                     Kathy N. Waller




                                              130




223 sur 223                                                                                     4/29/2023, 4:33 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                                         https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                                                         UNITED STATES
                                             SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                                                                        Washington, D.C. 20549
                                                                                  Form 10-K
                                                         _________________________________________________________________________________

                                           ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
                                              OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                  For the Fiscal Year Ended                                                                                                    Commission File Number
                        July 31, 2022                                                                                                                 1-3822




                                                   CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY
                                         New Jersey                                                                                    21-0419870
                                    State of Incorporation                                                                   I.R.S. Employer Identification No.
                                                                         1 Campbell Place
                                                                 Camden, New Jersey 08103-1799
                                                                     Principal Executive Offices
                                                                Telephone Number: (856) 342-4800
                                                    Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                             Title of Each Class                          Trading Symbol          Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered
                        Capital Stock, par value $.0375                         CPB                          New York Stock Exchange

                                                 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None
               Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. � Yes ☐ No
               Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. ☐ Yes � No
                Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
           Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
           (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. � Yes ☐ No
                Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
           to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such
           files). � Yes ☐ No
               Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
           company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company,"
           and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

                                  Large accelerated filer                 ☑                                   Accelerated filer
                                                                                                                                                  ☐
                                  Non-accelerated filer                   ☐                                   Smaller reporting company           ☐
                                  Emerging growth company                 ☐

              If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
           complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
                Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of
           its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public
           accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☑
               Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). ☐ Yes � No
               Based on the closing price on the New York Stock Exchange on January 28, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant’s most recently
           completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of capital stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately
           $8,597,234,004. There were 299,364,411 shares of capital stock outstanding as of September 14, 2022.
               Portions of the Registrant’s Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III.




1 sur 90                                                                                                                                                          4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




2 sur 90                                                        4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                                                                TABLE OF CONTENTS
           PART I
                     Item 1. Business                                                                                      3
                     Item 1A. Risk Factors                                                                                 6
                     Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments                                                                    14
                     Item 2. Properties                                                                                    14
                     Item 3. Legal Proceedings                                                                             14
                     Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures                                                                       14
                     Information about our Executive Officers                                                              15
           PART II
                  Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Capital Stock, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
                          Securities                                                                                        16
                  Item 6. Reserved                                                                                          17
                  Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations             17
                  Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk                                        34
                  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                                                       35
                  Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure              77
                  Item 9A. Controls and Procedures                                                                          77
                  Item 9B. Other Information                                                                                77
                  Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections                              77
           PART III
                  Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance                                           77
                  Item 11. Executive Compensation                                                                           77
                  Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters   78
                  Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence                        78
                  Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services                                                           78
           PART IV
                  Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules                                                       78
                  Item 16. Form 10-K Summary                                                                                79
                  Index to Exhibits                                                                                         80
                  Signatures                                                                                                83




                                                                           2




3 sur 90                                                                                                                         4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                                                                                 PART I
           This Report contains "forward-looking" statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These
           forward-looking statements reflect our current expectations regarding our future results of operations, economic performance, financial
           condition and achievements. These forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as "anticipate," "believe," "estimate,"
           "expect," "intend," "plan," "pursue," "strategy," "target," "will" and similar expressions. One can also identify forward-looking statements by
           the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts, and may reflect anticipated cost savings or implementation of our strategic
           plan. These statements reflect our current plans and expectations and are based on information currently available to us. They rely on several
           assumptions regarding future events and estimates which could be inaccurate and which are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties.
           Risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those discussed in "Risk Factors" and in the "Cautionary Factors That May Affect
           Future Results" in "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in this Report. Our
           consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are presented in "Financial Statements
           and Supplementary Data."
           Item 1. Business
           The Company
               Unless otherwise stated, the terms "we," "us," "our" and the "company" refer to Campbell Soup Company and its consolidated
           subsidiaries.
                We are a manufacturer and marketer of high-quality, branded food and beverage products. We organized as a business corporation under
           the laws of New Jersey on November 23, 1922; however, through predecessor organizations, we trace our heritage in the food business back
           to 1869. Our principal executive offices are in Camden, New Jersey 08103-1799.
           Business Divestitures
               We completed the sale of our Kelsen business on September 23, 2019. On December 23, 2019, we completed the sale of our Arnott’s
           business and certain other international operations, including the simple meals and shelf-stable beverages businesses in Australia and Asia
           Pacific (the Arnott’s and other international operations). In addition, on October 11, 2019, we completed the sale of our European chips
           business.
              We used the net proceeds from the sales to reduce debt as described below in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
           Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources.”
                Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2019, we have reflected the results of operations of our Kelsen business and the Arnott’s and other
           international operations (collectively referred to as Campbell International) as discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of
           Earnings for all periods presented. These businesses were historically included in the Snacks reportable segment. The results of the European
           chips business through the date of sale were reflected in continuing operations within the Snacks reportable segment.
               In the fourth quarter of 2021, we completed the sale of our Plum baby food and snacks business. The results of the Plum baby food and
           snacks business through the date of sale were reflected in continuing operations within the Meals & Beverages reportable segment.
               See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our divestitures.
           Reportable Segments
               Our reportable segments are:
               •    Meals & Beverages, which consists of our soup, simple meals and beverages products in retail and foodservice in the U.S. and
                    Canada. The segment includes the following products: Campbell’s condensed and ready-to-serve soups; Swanson broth and stocks;
                    Pacific Foods broth, soups and non-dairy beverages; Prego pasta sauces; Pace Mexican sauces; Campbell’s gravies, pasta, beans
                    and dinner sauces; Swanson canned poultry; V8 juices and beverages; and Campbell’s tomato juice. The segment also includes
                    snacking products in foodservice and Canada. The segment included the results of our Plum baby food and snacks business, which
                    was sold on May 3, 2021; and
               •    Snacks, which consists of Pepperidge Farm cookies*, crackers, fresh bakery and frozen products, including Goldfish crackers*,
                    Snyder’s of Hanover pretzels*, Lance sandwich crackers*, Cape Cod potato chips*, Kettle Brand potato chips*, Late July snacks*,
                    Snack Factory pretzel crisps*, Pop Secret popcorn, Emerald nuts, and other snacking products in retail in the U.S. Beginning in
                    2022, we refer to the * brands as our "power brands." The segment includes the retail business in Latin America. The segment also
                    included the results of our European chips business, which was sold on October 11, 2019.
              Beginning in 2022, the foodservice and Canadian business formerly included in our Snacks segment is now managed as part of the
           Meals & Beverages segment. Segment results have been adjusted retrospectively to reflect this change. See Note 6 to



                                                                                    3




4 sur 90                                                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                          https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




           the Consolidated Financial Statements and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" for
           additional information regarding our reportable segments.
           Ingredients and Packaging
                The ingredients and packaging materials required for the manufacture of our food and beverage products are purchased from various
           suppliers, substantially all of which are located in North America. During 2022, we experienced significantly elevated commodity and supply
           chain costs including the costs of labor, raw materials, energy, fuel, packaging materials and other inputs necessary for the production and
           distribution of our products. In addition, many of these items are subject to price fluctuations from a number of factors, including but not
           limited to climate change, changes in crop size, cattle cycles, herd and flock disease, crop disease, crop pests, product scarcity, demand for
           raw materials, commodity market speculation, energy costs, currency fluctuations, supplier capacities, government-sponsored agricultural
           programs and other government policy, import and export requirements (including tariffs), drought and excessive rain, temperature extremes
           and other adverse weather events, water scarcity, scarcity of suitable agricultural land, scarcity of organic ingredients, pandemic illness (such
           as the COVID-19 pandemic), armed hostilities (including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine) and other factors that may be
           beyond our control. To help reduce some of this price volatility, we use a combination of purchase orders, short- and long-term contracts,
           inventory management practices and various commodity risk management tools for most of our ingredients and packaging. Ingredient
           inventories are generally at a peak during the late fall and decline during the winter and spring. Since many ingredients of suitable quality are
           available in sufficient quantities only during certain seasons, we make commitments for the purchase of such ingredients in their respective
           seasons. Although we are unable to predict the impact of our ability to source these ingredients and packaging materials in the future, we
           expect these supply pressures to continue throughout 2023. We also expect the pressures of input cost inflation to continue into 2023.
           Customers
                In most of our markets, sales and merchandising activities are conducted through our own sales force and/or third-party brokers and
           distribution partners. Our products are generally resold to consumers through retail food chains, mass discounters, mass merchandisers, club
           stores, convenience stores, drug stores, dollar stores, e-commerce and other retail, commercial and non-commercial establishments. Our
           Snacks segment has a direct-store-delivery distribution model that uses independent contractor distributors.
                Our five largest customers accounted for approximately 47% of our consolidated net sales from continuing operations in 2022, 46% in
           2021 and 44% in 2020. Our largest customer, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and its affiliates, accounted for approximately 22% of our consolidated
           net sales from continuing operations in 2022 and 21% in 2021 and 2020. Both of our reportable segments sold products to Wal-Mart Stores,
           Inc. or its affiliates. No other customer accounted for 10% or more of our consolidated net sales.
           Trademarks and Technology
                As of September 14, 2022, we owned over 2,800 trademark registrations and applications in over 150 countries. We believe our
           trademarks are of material importance to our business. Although the laws vary by jurisdiction, trademarks generally are valid as long as they
           are in use and/or their registrations are properly maintained and have not been found to have become generic. Trademark registrations
           generally can be renewed indefinitely as long as the trademarks are in use. We believe that our principal brands, including Campbell's, Cape
           Cod, Chunky, Emerald, Goldfish, Kettle Brand, Lance, Late July, Milano, Pace, Pacific Foods, Pepperidge Farm, Pop Secret, Prego, Snack
           Factory, Snyder's of Hanover, Spaghettios, Swanson, and V8, are protected by trademark law in the major markets where they are used.
               Although we own a number of valuable patents, we do not regard any segment of our business as being dependent upon any single patent
           or group of related patents. In addition, we own copyrights, both registered and unregistered, proprietary trade secrets, technology, know-
           how, processes and other intellectual property rights that are not registered.
           Competition
                 We operate in a highly competitive industry and experience competition in all of our categories. This competition arises from numerous
           competitors of varying sizes across multiple food and beverage categories, and includes producers of private label products, as well as other
           branded food and beverage manufacturers. Private label products are generally sold at lower prices than branded products. Competitors
           market and sell their products through traditional retailers and e-commerce. All of these competitors vie for trade merchandising support and
           consumer dollars. The number of competitors cannot be reliably estimated. Our principal areas of competition are brand recognition, taste,
           nutritional value, price, promotion, innovation, shelf space and customer service.
           Capital Expenditures
               During 2022, our aggregate capital expenditures were $242 million. We expect to spend approximately $325 million for capital projects
           in 2023. Major capital projects based on planned spend in 2023 include a cracker capacity expansion for our Snacks business and a new
           manufacturing line for our Meals & Beverages business.



                                                                                  4




5 sur 90                                                                                                                                         4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                         https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




           Government Regulation
               The manufacture and sale of consumer food products is highly regulated. In the U.S., our activities are subject to regulation by various
           federal government agencies, including the Food and Drug Administration, the Department of Agriculture, the Federal Trade Commission,
           the Department of Labor, the Department of Commerce, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and the Environmental
           Protection Agency, as well as various state and local agencies. Our business is also regulated by similar agencies outside of the U.S.
           Additionally, we are subject to data privacy and security regulations, tax and securities regulations, accounting and reporting standards, and
           other financial laws and regulations. We believe that we are in compliance with current laws and regulations in all material respects and do
           not expect that continued compliance with such laws and regulations will have a material effect on capital expenditures, earnings or our
           competitive position.
           Environmental Matters
                We have requirements for the operation and design of our facilities that meet or exceed applicable environmental rules and regulations.
           Of our $242 million in capital expenditures made during 2022, approximately $9 million were for compliance with environmental laws and
           regulations in the U.S. We further estimate that approximately $13 million of the capital expenditures anticipated during 2023 will be for
           compliance with U.S. environmental laws and regulations. We believe that the continued compliance with existing environmental laws and
           regulations (both within the U.S. and elsewhere) will not have a material effect on capital expenditures, earnings or our competitive position.
           In addition, we continue to monitor existing and pending environmental laws and regulations within the U.S. and elsewhere relating to
           climate change and greenhouse gas emissions. While the impact of these laws and regulations cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not
           believe that compliance with these laws and regulations will have a material effect on capital expenditures, earnings or our competitive
           position.
           Seasonality
               Demand for soup products is seasonal, with the fall and winter months usually accounting for the highest sales volume. Demand for our
           other products is generally evenly distributed throughout the year.
           Human Capital Management
               A core pillar of our strategic plan is to build a winning team and culture. To do this, we are committed to building a company where
           everyone can be real, and feel safe, valued and supported to do their best work. We believe that our employees are the driving force behind
           our success and prioritize attracting, developing and retaining diverse, world-class talent and creating an inclusive culture that embodies our
           purpose: Connecting people through food they love. On July 31, 2022, we had approximately 14,700 employees.
               Training, Development and Engagement
                We invest in our employees through training and development programs. We have partnered with leading online content experts and
           have recently increased internal learning development to expand our catalog of courses and support our culture of continuous learning. A
           suite of training and education programs are available to employees ranging from role-specific training to education on soft skills to assist
           them with enhancing their careers through continuous learning. Through objective-setting, individual development plans, learning
           opportunities, feedback and coaching, employees are encouraged to continue their professional growth. Our education programs allow
           employees to focus on timely and topical development areas including leadership, management excellence, functional capabilities and
           inclusion and diversity. We communicate frequently and transparently with our employees through regular company-wide and business unit
           check-ins, and we conduct employee engagement surveys that provide our employees with an opportunity to share anonymous feedback with
           management in a variety of areas including confidence in leadership, growth and career opportunities, available resources, compensation and
           overall engagement. These surveys allow our leaders to develop action plans for their business units as well as the broader organization.
               Our Campbell Employee Experience Framework enhances the foundational moments that are key to an employee's career at our
           company - from the candidate experience and onboarding through career advancement - to help our employees thrive at work, with the goal
           of building an inclusive, engaging and high-performing culture.
               Inclusion and Diversity
                We believe that having an inclusive and diverse culture strengthens our ability to recruit and develop talent and allows all employees to
           thrive and succeed. Diversity of input and perspectives is an essential part of our strategic plan to build a winning team and culture, and we
           believe one key to success is attracting and retaining a diverse workforce that reflects our consumers of today and tomorrow. Our
           commitment to inclusion and diversity ("I&D") is based on three guiding pillars:
               •    Capabilities - providing resources and tools to employees to build capabilities to build a winning team and culture and to drive
                    systemic change;
               •    Advocacy - strengthening ally networks by supporting our employees, our partners and the communities where we live and work;
                    and



                                                                                 5




6 sur 90                                                                                                                                       4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                          https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




               •    Accountability - having individual, management and organizational accountability and transparency about our progress on building
                    an inclusive culture.
               We also continue to provide I&D learning experiences and foster employee resource groups to highlight issues that impact
           underrepresented communities. Throughout 2022 the board of directors (Board) received regular updates from management on our inclusion
           and diversity efforts.
               Wellness and Safety
               Our employees' health, safety and well-being are our top priorities. We have maintained an unwavering commitment to supporting the
           health and well-being of our employees during the COVID-19 pandemic and we implemented an enterprise-wise response to ensure safety.
           We have implemented safety and sanitation measures to help ensure employees' health and well-being, embraced remote work for those who
           were able, and introduced enhanced sanitation, mask use and other protective equipment protocols and social distancing measures for our
           front-line employees.
               In addition, our Resources for Living program provides information, education tools and resources to help support our employees'
           physical, financial, social and emotional well-being. As part of this focus on well-being, we emphasize the need for our employees to
           embrace healthy lifestyles and we offer a variety of wellness education opportunities for our employees. We continue to modernize our
           workspaces and in 2022 announced a hybrid work policy to allow office-based employees to work remotely several days per week.
               Total Rewards
               We provide market-based competitive compensation through our salary, annual incentive and long-term incentive programs, and a robust
           benefits package that promotes the overall well-being of our employees. We provide a variety of resources and services to help our
           employees plan for retirement and provide a 401(k) plan with immediate vesting. We benchmark and establish compensation structures based
           on competitive market data. Individual pay is based on various factors such as an employee's role, experience, job location and contributions.
           Performance discussions for salaried employees are conducted throughout the year to assess contributions and inform individual development
           plans. We have enhanced our focus on the employee experience by highlighting key moments in the employment life-cycle and providing
           enhanced communications about our comprehensive offerings.
           Websites
                Our primary corporate website can be found at www.campbellsoupcompany.com. We make available free of charge at the Investor
           portion of this website (under the "About Us—Investors—Financials—SEC Filings" caption) all of our reports (including amendments) filed
           or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including our annual reports on Form
           10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our current reports on Form 8-K. These reports are made available on the website as soon as
           reasonably practicable after their filing with, or furnishing to, the Securities and Exchange Commission.
               All websites appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are inactive textual references only, and the information in, or accessible
           through, such websites is not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or into any of our other filings with the Securities and
           Exchange Commission.
           Item 1A. Risk Factors
                In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this Report, the following risks and uncertainties could materially adversely affect our
           business, financial condition and results of operations. Although the risks are organized and described separately, many of the risks are
           interrelated. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business
           operations and financial condition.
           Business and Operational Risks
           We may not be able to increase prices to fully offset inflationary pressures on costs, such as raw and packaging materials, labor and
           distribution costs
                As a manufacturer of food and beverage products, we rely on plant labor, distribution resources and raw and packaging materials
           including tomato paste, grains, beef, poultry, dairy, vegetable oil, wheat, potatoes and other vegetables, steel, aluminum, glass, paper and
           resin. During 2022, we experienced significantly elevated commodity and supply chain costs including the costs of labor, raw materials,
           energy, fuel, packaging materials and other inputs necessary for the production and distribution of our products, and we expect elevated
           levels of inflation to continue in 2023. In addition, many of these materials are subject to price fluctuations from a number of factors,
           including but not limited to changes in crop size, cattle cycles, herd and flock disease, crop disease, crop pests, product scarcity, demand for
           raw materials, commodity market speculation, energy costs, currency fluctuations, supplier capacities, government-sponsored agricultural
           programs and other government policy, import and export requirements (including tariffs), drought and excessive rain, temperature extremes
           and other adverse weather events, water scarcity, scarcity of suitable agricultural land, scarcity of organic ingredients, pandemic illness (such
           as the



                                                                                  6




7 sur 90                                                                                                                                         4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




           COVID-19 pandemic), armed hostilities (including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine) and other factors that may be beyond
           our control.
                We try to mitigate some or all cost increases through increases in the selling prices of, or decreases in the packaging sizes of, some of our
           products. Higher product prices or smaller packaging sizes may result in reductions in sales volume. Consumers may be less willing to pay a
           price differential for our branded products and may increasingly purchase lower-priced offerings, or may forego some purchases altogether,
           during an economic downturn or times of increased inflationary pressure. To the extent that price increases or packaging size decreases are
           not sufficient to offset these increased costs adequately or in a timely manner, and/or if they result in significant decreases in sales volume,
           our business results and financial condition may be adversely affected. Furthermore, we may not be able to fully offset any cost increases
           through productivity initiatives or through our commodity hedging activity.
           Disruption to our supply chain could adversely affect our business
                Our ability to manufacture and/or sell our products may be impaired by damage or disruption to our manufacturing, warehousing or
           distribution capabilities, or to the capabilities of our suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics service providers or independent distributors.
           This damage or disruption could result from execution issues, as well as factors that are hard to predict or beyond our control such as
           increased temperatures due to climate change, water stress, extreme weather events, natural disasters, product or raw material scarcity, fire,
           terrorism, pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), armed hostilities (including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine),
           strikes, labor shortages, cybersecurity breaches, government shutdowns, disruptions in logistics, supplier capacity constraints or other events.
           Commodity prices continue to be volatile and generally increased due to the COVID-19 pandemic, supply chain disruptions and labor and
           transportation shortages. Production of the agricultural commodities used in our business may also be adversely affected by drought and
           excessive rain, temperature extremes and other adverse weather events, water scarcity, scarcity of suitable agricultural land, scarcity of
           organic ingredients, crop size, cattle cycles, herd and flock disease, crop disease and crop pests. Failure to take adequate steps to mitigate the
           likelihood or potential impact of such events, or to effectively manage such events if they occur, may adversely affect our business or
           financial results, particularly in circumstances when a product is sourced from a single supplier or location. Disputes with significant
           suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics service providers or independent distributors, including disputes regarding pricing or
           performance, may also adversely affect our ability to manufacture and/or sell our products, as well as our business or financial results.
                We have experienced temporary workforce disruptions in our supply chain as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. We have implemented
           employee safety measures, which exceed guidance from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and World Health Organization,
           across all our supply chain facilities. Even with these measures, and the availability of vaccines, given the emergence and spread of
           COVID-19 variants, there is continued risk that COVID-19 may spread through our workforce. Illness, labor shortages, absenteeism, or other
           workforce disruptions could negatively affect our supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, or other business processes. We may face
           additional production disruptions in the future, which may place constraints on our ability to produce products in a timely manner or may
           increase our costs.
                Short-term or sustained increases in consumer demand at our retail customers may exceed our production capacity or otherwise strain
           our supply chain. Our failure to meet the demand for our products could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
               The COVID-19 pandemic and related ongoing implications could adversely impact our business and results of operations
                The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and could continue to have, a negative impact on financial markets, economic conditions, and
           portions of our industry as a result of changes in consumer behavior, retailer inventory levels, cost inflation, manufacturing and supply chain
           disruption, vaccination rates and effectiveness, and overall macroeconomic conditions. Although our business has benefited from increased
           at-home consumption due to COVID-19, our ability to sustain heightened sales is dependent on consumer purchasing behavior. The
           continued availability and effectiveness of vaccines may partially mitigate the risks around the continued spread of COVID-19, however,
           with the spread of the COVID-19 variants, the ongoing implications of the COVID-19 pandemic could adversely impact our business and
           results of operations in a number of ways, including but not limited to:
               •    a shutdown of one or more of our manufacturing, warehousing or distribution facilities, or disruption in our supply chain, including
                    but not limited to, as a result of illness, labor shortages, government restrictions or other workforce disruptions;
               •    the failure of third parties on which we rely, including but not limited to, those that supply our packaging, ingredients, equipment
                    and other necessary operating materials, co-manufacturers and independent contractors, to meet their obligations to us, or significant
                    disruptions in their ability to do so;



                                                                                    7




8 sur 90                                                                                                                                            4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                           https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




               •    a strain on our supply chain, which could result from short-term or sustained changes and volatility in consumer purchasing and
                    consumption patterns that increase demand at our retail customers and exceed our production capacity for our products;
               •    continued volatility in commodity and other input costs, which may not be sufficiently offset by our commodity hedging activities;
               •    a disruption to our distribution capabilities or to our distribution channels, including those of our suppliers, contract manufacturers,
                    logistics service providers or independent distributors;
               •    new or escalated government or regulatory responses in markets where we manufacture, sell or distribute our products, or in the
                    markets of third parties on which we rely, could prevent or disrupt our business operations;
               •    a significant portion of our workforce, including our management team, could become unable to work as a result of illness, or the
                    attention of our management team could be diverted if key employees become ill and become unable to work;
               •    a change in demand for or availability of our products as a result of retailers, distributors, or carriers modifying their inventory,
                    fulfillment or shipping practices;
               •    an inability to effectively modify our trade promotion and advertising activities to reflect changing consumer shopping habits due to,
                    among other things, reduced in-store visits and travel restrictions;
               •    a shift in consumer spending during periods of economic uncertainty or inflation could result in consumers moving to private label
                    or lower price products; and
               •    additional business disruptions and uncertainties related to the COVID-19 pandemic could result in additional delays or
                    modifications to our strategic plans and other initiatives.
                These and other impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic could also have the effect of heightening many of the other risk factors included in
           this Item 1A. The ultimate impact depends on the severity and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the emergence and spread of
           COVID-19 variants, the continued availability and effectiveness of vaccines and actions taken by governmental authorities and other third
           parties in response to the pandemic, each of which is uncertain, rapidly changing and difficult to predict. Any of these disruptions could
           adversely impact our business and results of operations.
           Our results of operations can be adversely affected by labor shortages, turnover and labor cost increases
                Labor is a primary component of operating our business. A number of factors may adversely affect the labor force available to us or
           increase labor costs, including high employment levels, federal unemployment subsidies, and other government regulations. During 2022, we
           observed an overall tightening and increasingly competitive labor market. A sustained labor shortage or increased turnover rates within our
           employee base, caused by the continued spread of COVID-19 or as a result of general macroeconomic factors, could lead to increased costs,
           such as increased overtime to meet demand and increased wage rates to attract and retain employees, and could negatively affect our ability
           to efficiently operate our manufacturing and distribution facilities and overall business. If we are unable to hire and retain employees capable
           of performing at a high-level, or if mitigation measures we may take to respond to a decrease in labor availability, such as overtime and third-
           party outsourcing, have unintended negative effects, our business could be adversely affected. In addition, we distribute our products and
           receive raw materials primarily by truck. Reduced availability of trucking capacity due to shortages of drivers has caused an increase in the
           cost of transportation for us and our suppliers. An overall labor shortage, lack of skilled labor, increased turnover or labor inflation, caused by
           COVID-19 or as a result of general macroeconomic factors, could have a material adverse impact on the company’s operations, results of
           operations, liquidity or cash flows.
           Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products and brands
               We consider our intellectual property rights, particularly our trademarks, to be a significant and valuable aspect of our business. We
           protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of trademark, patent, copyright and trade secret protection, contractual
           agreements and policing of third-party misuses of our intellectual property. Our failure to obtain or adequately protect our intellectual
           property or any change in law that lessens or removes the current legal protections of our intellectual property may diminish our
           competitiveness and adversely affect our business and financial results.
                Competing intellectual property claims that impact our brands or products may arise unexpectedly. Any litigation or disputes regarding
           intellectual property may be costly and time-consuming and may divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business
           operations. We also may be subject to significant damages or injunctions against development, launch and sale of certain products. Any of
           these occurrences may harm our business and financial results.



                                                                                   8




9 sur 90                                                                                                                                           4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




            Our results may be adversely impacted if consumers do not maintain their favorable perception of our brands
                 We have a number of iconic brands with significant value. Maintaining and continually enhancing the value of these brands is critical to
            the success of our business. Brand value is primarily based on consumer perceptions. Success in promoting and enhancing brand value
            depends in large part on our ability to provide high-quality products. Brand value could diminish significantly due to a number of factors,
            including consumer perception that we have acted in an irresponsible manner, adverse publicity about our products, packaging or ingredients
            (whether or not valid), our failure to maintain the quality of our products, the failure of our products to deliver consistently positive consumer
            experiences, or the products becoming unavailable to consumers. The growing use of social and digital media by consumers increases the
            speed and extent that information and opinions can be shared. Negative posts or comments about us, our brands, products or packaging on
            social or digital media could seriously damage our brands and reputation. If we do not maintain the favorable perception of our brands, our
            results could be adversely impacted.
            We may be adversely impacted by a disruption, failure or security breach of our information technology systems
                 Our information technology systems are critically important to our operations. We rely on our information technology systems (some of
            which are outsourced to third parties) to manage our data, communications and business processes, including our marketing, sales,
            manufacturing, procurement, logistics, customer service, accounting and administrative functions and the importance of such networks and
            systems has increased due to an increase in our employees working remotely. If we do not obtain and effectively manage the resources and
            materials necessary to build, sustain and protect appropriate information technology systems, our business or financial results could be
            adversely impacted. Furthermore, our information technology systems are subject to attack or other security breaches (including the access to
            or acquisition of customer, consumer, employee or other confidential information), service disruptions or other system failures. If we are
            unable to prevent or adequately respond to and resolve these breaches, disruptions or failures, our operations may be impacted, and we may
            suffer other adverse consequences such as reputational damage, litigation, remediation costs, ransomware payments and/or penalties under
            various data protection laws and regulations.
                 To address the risks to our information technology systems and the associated costs, we maintain an information security program that
            includes updating technology and security policies, cyber insurance, employee awareness training, and monitoring and routine testing of our
            information technology systems. We believe that these preventative actions provide adequate measures of protection against security
            breaches and generally reduce our cybersecurity risks, however, cyber threats are constantly evolving, are becoming more frequent and more
            sophisticated and are being made by groups of individuals with a wide range of expertise and motives, which increases the difficulty of
            detecting and successfully defending against them. Additionally, continued geopolitical turmoil, including the ongoing conflict between
            Russia and Ukraine, has heightened the risk of cyberattacks. We have experienced threats to our data and systems and although we have not
            experienced a material incident to date, there can be no assurance that these measures will prevent or limit the impact of a future incident. We
            may incur significant costs in protecting against or remediating cyberattacks or other cyber incidents.
                 In addition, in the event our suppliers or customers experience a breach or system failure, their businesses could be disrupted or
            otherwise negatively affected, which may result in a disruption in our supply chain or reduced customer orders, which would adversely affect
            our business and financial results. We have also outsourced several information technology support services and administrative functions to
            third-party service providers, and may outsource other functions in the future to achieve cost savings and efficiencies. Our information
            security program includes capabilities designed to evaluate and mitigate cyber risks arising from third-party service providers. We believe
            that these capabilities provide insights and visibility to the security posture of our third-party service providers, however, cyber threats to
            those organizations are beyond our control. If these service providers do not perform effectively due to breach or system failure, we may not
            be able to achieve the expected benefits and our business may be disrupted.
            We may not be able to attract and retain the highly skilled people we need to support our business
                 We depend on the skills and continued service of key personnel, including our experienced management team. In addition, our ability to
            achieve our strategic and operating goals depends on our ability to identify, hire, train and retain qualified individuals. We also compete with
            other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented personnel, and we may lose key personnel or fail to attract, train and
            retain other talented personnel. Any such loss or failure may adversely affect our business or financial results. In addition, activities related to
            identifying, recruiting, hiring and integrating qualified individuals may require significant time and expense. We may not be able to locate
            suitable replacements for any key employees who leave, or offer employment to potential replacements on reasonable terms, each of which
            may adversely affect our business and financial results.
            If we do not fully realize the expected cost savings and/or operating efficiencies associated with our strategic initiatives, our
            profitability could suffer
                 Our future success and earnings growth depend in part on our ability to achieve the appropriate cost structure and operate efficiently in
            the highly competitive food industry, particularly in an environment of volatile cost inputs. We continuously



                                                                                     9




10 sur 90                                                                                                                                            4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




            pursue initiatives to reduce costs and increase effectiveness. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
            of Operations - Restructuring Charges and Cost Savings Initiatives" for additional information on these initiatives. We also regularly pursue
            cost productivity initiatives in procurement, manufacturing and logistics. Any failure or delay in implementing our initiatives in accordance
            with our plans could adversely affect our ability to meet our long-term growth and profitability expectations and could adversely affect our
            business. If we do not continue to effectively manage costs and achieve additional efficiencies, our competitiveness and our profitability
            could decrease.
            Our results may be adversely affected by our inability to complete or realize the projected benefits of acquisitions, divestitures and
            other strategic transactions
                 We have historically made strategic acquisitions of brands and businesses and we may undertake additional acquisitions or other
            strategic transactions in the future. Our ability to meet our objectives with respect to acquisitions and other strategic transactions may depend
            in part on our ability to identify suitable counterparties, negotiate favorable financial and other contractual terms, obtain all necessary
            regulatory approvals on the terms expected and complete those transactions. Potential risks also include:
                •    the inability to integrate acquired businesses into our existing operations in a timely and cost-efficient manner, including
                     implementation of enterprise-resource planning systems;
                •    diversion of management's attention from other business concerns;
                •    potential loss of key employees, suppliers and/or customers of acquired businesses;
                •    assumption of unknown risks and liabilities;
                •    the inability to achieve anticipated benefits, including revenues or other operating results;
                •    operating costs of acquired businesses may be greater than expected;
                •    the inability to promptly implement an effective control environment; and
                •    the risks inherent in entering markets or lines of business with which we have limited or no prior experience.

                In addition, we have previously made strategic divestitures and may do so in the future. Any businesses we decide to divest in the future
            may depend in part on our ability to identify suitable buyers, negotiate favorable financial and other contractual terms and obtain all
            necessary regulatory approvals on the terms expected. Potential risks of divestitures may also include:
                •    diversion of management's attention from other business concerns;
                •    loss of key suppliers and/or customers of divested businesses;
                •    the inability to separate divested businesses or business units effectively and efficiently from our existing business operations; and
                •    the inability to reduce or eliminate associated overhead costs.
                If we are unable to complete or realize the projected benefits of future acquisitions, divestitures or other strategic transactions, our
            business or financial results may be adversely impacted.
            Competitive and Industry Risks
            We face significant competition in all our product categories, which may result in lower sales and margins
            We operate in the highly competitive food and beverage industry mainly in the North American market and experience competition in all of
            our categories. The principal areas of competition are brand recognition, taste, nutritional value, price, promotion, innovation, shelf space and
            customer service. A number of our primary competitors are larger than us and have substantial financial, marketing and other resources, and
            some of our competitors may spend more aggressively on advertising and promotional activities than we do. In addition, reduced barriers to
            entry and easier access to funding are creating new competition. A strong competitive response from one or more of these competitors to our
            marketplace efforts, or a continued shift towards private label offerings, particularly during periods of economic uncertainty or significant
            inflation, could result in us reducing prices, increasing marketing or other expenditures, and/or losing market share, each of which may result
            in lower sales and margins.


                                                                                    10




11 sur 90                                                                                                                                           4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                  Our ability to compete also depends upon our ability to predict, identify, and interpret the tastes and dietary habits of consumers and to
            offer products that appeal to those preferences. There are inherent marketplace risks associated with new product or packaging introductions,
            including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance. If we do not succeed in offering products that consumers want to buy, our sales
            and market share will decrease, resulting in reduced profitability. If we are unable to accurately predict which shifts in consumer preferences
            will be long-lasting, or are unable to introduce new and improved products to satisfy those preferences, our sales will decline. Weak
            economic conditions, recessions, significant inflation and other factors, such as pandemics, could effect consumer preferences and demand.
            In addition, given the variety of backgrounds and identities of consumers in our consumer base, we must offer a sufficient array of products
            to satisfy the broad spectrum of consumer preferences. As such, we must be successful in developing innovative products across a multitude
            of product categories. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has altered, and in some cases, delayed product innovation efforts. Finally, if we
            fail to rapidly develop products in faster-growing and more profitable categories, we could experience reduced demand for our products, or
            fail to expand margins.
            We may be adversely impacted by a changing customer landscape and the increased significance of some of our customers
                 Our businesses are largely concentrated in the traditional retail grocery trade, which has experienced slower growth than other retail
            channels, such as dollar stores, drug stores, club stores and e-commerce retailers. We expect this trend away from traditional retail grocery to
            alternate channels to continue in the future. These alternative retail channels may also create consumer price deflation, affecting our retail
            customer relationships and presenting additional challenges to increasing prices in response to commodity or other cost increases. In addition,
            retailers with increased buying power and negotiating strength are seeking more favorable terms, including increased promotional programs
            and customized products funded by their suppliers. These customers may also use more of their shelf space for their private label products,
            which are generally sold at lower prices than branded products. If we are unable to use our scale, marketing, product innovation and category
            leadership positions to respond to these customer dynamics, our business or financial results could be adversely impacted.
                 In 2022, our five largest customers accounted for approximately 47% of our consolidated net sales from continuing operations, with the
            largest customer, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and its affiliates, accounting for approximately 22% of our consolidated net sales from continuing
            operations. There can be no assurance that our largest customers will continue to purchase our products in the same mix or quantities, or on
            the same terms as in the past. Disruption of sales to any of these customers, or to any of our other large customers, for an extended period of
            time could adversely affect our business or financial results.
            Financial and Economic Risks

            An impairment of the carrying value of goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangible assets could adversely affect our financial results
            and net worth
                 As of July 31, 2022, we had goodwill of $3.979 billion and other indefinite-lived intangible assets of $2.549 billion. Goodwill and
            indefinite-lived intangible assets are initially recorded at fair value and not amortized, but are tested for impairment at least annually in the
            fourth quarter or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. We test goodwill at the reporting unit level by comparing the carrying value
            of the net assets of the reporting unit, including goodwill, to the unit's fair value. Similarly, we test indefinite-lived intangible assets by
            comparing the fair value of the assets to their carrying values. Fair value for both goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets is
            determined based on a discounted cash flow analysis. If the carrying values of the reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible assets exceed
            their fair value, the goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets are considered impaired. Factors that could result in an impairment include a
            change in revenue growth rates, operating margins, weighted average cost of capital, future economic and market conditions or assumed
            royalty rates. If current expectations for growth rates for sales and profits are not met, or other market factors and macroeconomic conditions
            that could be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise were to change, we may be required in the future to record impairment of the
            carrying value of goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangible assets, which could adversely affect our financial results and net worth.
            We may be adversely impacted by increased liabilities and costs related to our defined benefit pension plans
                We sponsor a number of defined benefit pension plans for certain employees in the U.S. and certain non-U.S. locations. The major
            defined benefit pension plans are funded with trust assets invested in a globally diversified portfolio of securities and other investments.
            Changes in regulatory requirements or the market value of plan assets, investment returns, interest rates and mortality rates may affect the
            funded status of our defined benefit pension plans and cause volatility in the net periodic benefit cost, future funding requirements of the
            plans and the funded status as recorded on the balance sheet. A significant increase in our obligations, future funding requirements, or net
            periodic benefit costs could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.




                                                                                   11




12 sur 90                                                                                                                                          4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




            We face risks related to heightened inflation, recession, financial and credit market disruptions and other economic conditions
                Customer and consumer demand for our products may be impacted by weak economic conditions, recession, equity market volatility or
            other negative economic factors in the U.S. or other nations. For instance in 2022, the U.S. experienced significantly heightened inflationary
            pressures which we expect to continue into 2023. We may not be able to fully mitigate the impact of inflation through price increases,
            productivity initiatives and cost savings, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. In addition, if the U.S. economy
            enters a recession in 2023, we may experience sales declines and may have to decrease prices, all of which could have a material adverse
            impact on our financial results.
                 Similarly, disruptions in financial and/or credit markets may impact our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our
            customers, suppliers and creditors and might cause us to not be able to continue to have access to preferred sources of liquidity when needed
            or on terms we find acceptable, and our borrowing costs could increase. An economic or credit crisis could occur and impair credit
            availability and our ability to raise capital when needed. A disruption in the financial markets may have a negative effect on our derivative
            counterparties and could impair our banking or other business partners, on whom we rely for access to capital and as counterparties to our
            derivative contracts. In addition, changes in tax or interest rates in the U.S. or other nations, whether due to recession, economic disruptions
            or other reasons, may adversely impact us.
            Legal and Regulatory Risks
            We may be adversely impacted by legal and regulatory proceedings or claims
                 We are a party to a variety of legal and regulatory proceedings and claims arising out of the normal course of business. See Note 18 to
            the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding reportable legal proceedings. Since these actions are inherently uncertain,
            there is no guarantee that we will be successful in defending ourselves against such proceedings or claims, or that our assessment of the
            materiality or immateriality of these matters, including any reserves taken in connection with such matters, will be consistent with the
            ultimate outcome of such proceedings or claims. In particular, the marketing of food products has come under increased scrutiny in recent
            years, and the food industry has been subject to an increasing number of proceedings and claims relating to alleged false or deceptive
            marketing under federal, state and foreign laws or regulations, including claims relating to the presence of heavy metals in food products.
            Additionally, the independent contractor distribution model, which is used in our Snacks segment, has also come under increased regulatory
            scrutiny. Our independent contractor distribution model has also been the subject of various class and individual lawsuits in recent years. In
            the event we are unable to successfully defend ourselves against these proceedings or claims, or if our assessment of the materiality of these
            proceedings or claims proves inaccurate, our business or financial results may be adversely affected. In addition, our reputation could be
            damaged by allegations made in proceedings or claims (even if untrue).
            Increased regulation or changes in law could adversely affect our business or financial results
                 The manufacture and marketing of food products is extensively regulated. Various laws and regulations govern the processing,
            packaging, storage, distribution, marketing, advertising, labeling, quality and safety of our food products, as well as the health and safety of
            our employees and the protection of the environment. In the U.S., we are subject to regulation by various federal government agencies,
            including but not limited to the Food and Drug Administration, the Department of Agriculture, the Federal Trade Commission, the
            Department of Labor, the Department of Commerce, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and the Environmental Protection
            Agency, as well as various state and local agencies. We are also regulated by similar agencies outside the U.S.
                 Governmental and administrative bodies within the U.S. are considering a variety of tax, trade and other regulatory reforms. Trade
            reforms include tariffs on certain materials used in the manufacture of our products and tariffs on certain finished products. We regularly
            move data across national and state borders to conduct our operations and, consequently, are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in
            the U.S. and other jurisdictions regarding privacy, data protection, and data security, including those related to the collection, storage,
            handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal data. There is significant uncertainty with respect to compliance with such privacy
            and data protection laws and regulations because they are continuously evolving and developing and may be interpreted and applied
            differently from country to country and state to state and may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements.
                Changes in legal or regulatory requirements (such as new food safety requirements and revised regulatory requirements for the labeling
            of nutrition facts, serving sizes and genetically modified ingredients), or evolving interpretations of existing legal or regulatory requirements,
            may result in increased compliance cost, capital expenditures and other financial obligations that could adversely affect our business and
            financial results.
            If our food products become adulterated or are mislabeled, we might need to recall those items, and we may experience product
            liability claims and damage to our reputation
                We have in the past and we may, in the future, need to recall some of our products if they become adulterated or if they are mislabeled,
            and we may also be liable if the consumption of any of our products causes sickness or injury to consumers. A



                                                                                   12




13 sur 90                                                                                                                                          4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




            widespread product recall could result in significant losses due to the costs of a recall, the destruction of product inventory, and lost sales due
            to the unavailability of product for a period of time. We could also suffer losses from a significant adverse product liability judgment. A
            significant product recall or product liability claim could also result in adverse publicity, damage to our reputation, and a loss of consumer
            confidence in the safety and/or quality of our products, ingredients or packaging. In addition, if another company recalls or experiences
            negative publicity related to a product in a category in which we compete, consumers might reduce their overall consumption of products in
            that category.
            Climate change, or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change, may negatively affect our business and
            operations
                There is growing concern that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere may have an adverse impact on global
            temperatures, weather patterns, and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. In the event that such climate change
            has a negative effect on agricultural productivity, we may be subject to decreased availability or less favorable pricing for certain
            commodities that are necessary for our products, such as wheat, tomatoes, potatoes, cashews and almonds. Adverse weather conditions and
            natural disasters can reduce crop size and crop quality, which in turn could reduce our supplies of raw materials, lower recoveries of usable
            raw materials, increase the prices of our raw materials, increase our cost of storing and transporting our raw materials, or disrupt production
            schedules. We may also be subjected to decreased availability or less favorable pricing for water as a result of such change, which could
            impact our manufacturing and distribution operations. In addition, natural disasters and extreme weather conditions may disrupt the
            productivity of our facilities or the operation of our supply chain.
                 There is an increased focus by foreign, federal, state and local regulatory and legislative bodies regarding environmental policies relating
            to climate change, regulating greenhouse gas emissions, energy policies, and sustainability. Increased compliance costs and expenses due to
            the impacts of climate change and additional legal or regulatory requirements regarding climate change or designed to reduce or mitigate the
            effects of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions on the environment may cause disruptions in, or an increase in the costs
            associated with, the running of our manufacturing facilities and our business, as well as increase distribution and supply chain costs.
            Moreover, compliance with any such legal or regulatory requirements may require us to make significant changes in our business operations
            and strategy, which will likely require us to devote substantial time and attention to these matters and cause us to incur additional costs. Even
            if we make changes to align ourselves with such legal or regulatory requirements, we may still be subject to significant penalties or potential
            litigation if such laws and regulations are interpreted and applied in a manner inconsistent with our practices. The effects of climate change
            and legal or regulatory initiatives to address climate change could have a long-term adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
                  Additionally, we might fail to effectively address increased attention from the media, stockholders, activists and other stakeholders on
            climate change and related environmental sustainability matters. Such failure, or the perception that we have failed to act responsibly
            regarding climate change, whether or not valid, could result in adverse publicity and negatively affect our business and reputation. Moreover,
            from time to time we establish and publicly announce goals and commitments, including to reduce our impact on the environment. For
            example, in 2022, we established science-based targets for Scope 1, 2 and 3 greenhouse gas emissions. Our ability to achieve any stated goal,
            target or objective is subject to numerous factors and conditions, many of which are outside of our control. Examples of such factors include
            evolving regulatory requirements affecting sustainability standards or disclosures or imposing different requirements, the pace of changes in
            technology, the availability of requisite financing and the availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability and other standards. If we
            fail to achieve, or are perceived to have failed or been delayed in achieving, or improperly report our progress toward achieving these goals
            and commitments, it could negatively affect consumer preference for our products or investor confidence in our stock, as well as expose us to
            enforcement actions and litigation.
            Actions of activist shareholders could cause us to incur substantial costs, divert management's attention and resources and have an
            adverse effect on our business
                 We were the target of activist shareholder activities in 2019. If a new activist investor purchased our stock, our business could be
            adversely affected because responding to proxy contests and reacting to other actions by activist shareholders can be costly and time
            consuming, disruptive to our operations and divert the attention of management and our employees. In addition, perceived uncertainties as to
            our future direction, strategy or leadership created as a consequence of activist shareholder initiatives may result in the loss of potential
            business opportunities, harm our ability to attract new investors, customers, employees, suppliers and strategic partners, and cause our share
            price to experience periods of volatility or stagnation.
            Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by disruptions in the global economy caused
            by the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine.
                The global economy has been negatively impacted by the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Furthermore, governments in
            the U.S., United Kingdom, and European Union have each imposed export controls on certain products and financial and economic sanctions
            on certain industry sectors and parties in Russia. Although we have no operations in Russia or



                                                                                    13




14 sur 90                                                                                                                                           4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




            Ukraine, we have experienced shortages in materials and increased costs for transportation, energy, and raw material due in part to the
            negative impact of the Russia-Ukraine military conflict on the global economy. The scope and duration of the military conflict in Ukraine is
            uncertain, rapidly changing and hard to predict. Further escalation of geopolitical tensions related to the military conflict, including increased
            trade barriers or restrictions on global trade, could result in, among other things, cyberattacks, supply disruptions, lower consumer demand,
            and changes to foreign exchange rates and financial markets, any of which may adversely affect our business and supply chain.
            Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
                None.
            Item 2. Properties
               Our principal executive offices are company-owned and located in Camden, New Jersey. The following table sets forth our principal
            manufacturing facilities and the reportable segment that primarily uses each of the facilities:
            Inside the U.S.
             Arizona                                            Massachusetts                                   Pennsylvania
              Goodyear (S)                                       Hyannis (S)                                     Denver (S)
             California                                         North Carolina                                   Downingtown (S)
              Dixon (MB)                                         Charlotte (S)                                   Hanover (S)
              Stockton (MB)                                      Maxton (MB)                                    Texas
             Connecticut                                        Ohio                                             Paris (MB)
              Bloomfield (S)                                     Ashland (S)                                    Utah
             Florida                                             Napoleon (MB)                                   Richmond (S)
              Lakeland (S)                                       Willard (S)                                    Wisconsin
             Illinois                                           Oregon                                           Beloit (S)
              Downers Grove (S)                                  Salem (S)                                       Franklin (S)
             Indiana                                             Tualatin (MB)                                   Milwaukee (MB)
              Jeffersonville (S)
            ______________________________
            MB - Meals & Beverages
            S - Snacks
                Each of the foregoing manufacturing facilities is company-owned, except the Tualatin, Oregon facility, which is leased. We also maintain
            principal business unit offices in Charlotte, North Carolina; Doral, Florida; Hanover, Pennsylvania; Norwalk, Connecticut; Tualatin, Oregon;
            and Mississauga, Canada.
                We also own and lease distribution centers across the U.S. We believe that our manufacturing and processing plants and distribution
            centers are well maintained and, together with facilities operated by our contract manufacturers, are generally adequate to support the current
            operations of the businesses.
            Item 3. Legal Proceedings
                Information regarding reportable legal proceedings is contained in Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and incorporated
            herein by reference.
            Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
                Not applicable.



                                                                                   14




15 sur 90                                                                                                                                          4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                        https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




            Information about our Executive Officers
                The section below provides information regarding our executive officers as of September 14, 2022:

                                                                                                                                       Year First
                                                                                                                                       Appointed
                                                                                                                                       Executive
                                                Name, Present Title & Business Experience                                        Age    Officer
            Mick J. Beekhuizen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Executive Vice President and Chief
            Financial Officer, Chobani LLC (2016-2019). Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Education          46      2020
            Management Corporation (2013-2016).
            Adam G. Ciongoli, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Sustainability, Corporate Responsibility and
                                                                                                                                 54      2015
            Governance Officer. Executive Vice President and General Counsel, Lincoln Financial Group (2012-2015).
            Mark A. Clouse, President and Chief Executive Officer. Chief Executive Officer, Pinnacle Foods, Inc. (2016-2018).
            Chief Commercial Officer (2016) and Executive Vice President and Chief Growth Officer (2014-2016), Mondelez          54      2019
            International, Inc.
            Christopher D. Foley, Executive Vice President and President, Meals & Beverages. We have employed Mr. Foley in
                                                                                                                                 50      2019
            an executive or managerial capacity for at least five years.
            Diane Johnson May, Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer. Senior Vice President, People and
            Culture, Manpower Group (2020-2021). Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer, Brookdale Senior       64      2022
            Living (2019-2020). Managing Vice President, The Deli Source, Inc. (2017-2019).
            Valerie J. Oswalt, Executive Vice President and President, Snacks. Chief Executive Officer, Century Snacks
            (2018-2020). President, Mondelez North America Confections (2017-2018). President, Mondelez North America            49      2020
            Sales (2015-2017).
            Daniel L. Poland, Executive Vice President and Chief Supply Chain Officer. Chief Operating Officer, KIND Snacks
            (2019-2021). Executive Vice President and Chief Supply Chain Officer, Pinnacle Foods, Inc. (2018-2019). Chief        59      2022
            Supply Chain Officer - North American Operations, Danone (2016-2017).
            Anthony J. Sanzio, Executive Vice President and Chief Communications Officer. We have employed Mr. Sanzio in an      55      2022
            executive or managerial capacity for at least five years.
            Craig S. Slavtcheff, Executive Vice President, Chief R&D and Innovation Officer. We have employed Mr. Slavtcheff     55      2019
            in an executive or managerial capacity for at least five years.




                                                                               15




16 sur 90                                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                           https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                                                                              PART II
            Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Capital Stock, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
            Market for Registrant’s Capital Stock
                Our capital stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "CPB." On September 14, 2022, there were 299,364,411
            holders of record of our capital stock.
            Return to Shareholders* Performance Graph
                 The information contained in this Return to Shareholders Performance Graph section shall not be deemed to be "soliciting material" or
            "filed" or incorporated by reference in future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or subject to the liabilities of Section 18
            of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), except to the extent we specifically incorporate it by reference into
            a document filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act.
                The following graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return (TSR) on our stock with the cumulative total return of the
            Standard & Poor’s 500 Stock Index (the S&P 500) and the Standard & Poor’s Packaged Foods Index (the S&P Packaged Foods Group). The
            graph assumes that $100 was invested on July 28, 2017, in each of our stock, the S&P 500 and the S&P Packaged Foods Group, and that all
            dividends were reinvested. The total cumulative dollar returns shown on the graph represent the value that such investments would have had
            on July 31, 2022.




            *
                Stock appreciation plus dividend reinvestment.
                                                                                  2017        2018        2019        2020        2021       2022
            Campbell                                                              100         80           83         103          94         110
            S&P 500                                                               100         116         127         140         192         183
            S&P Packaged Foods Group                                              100         93          102         111         119         135



                                                                                  16




17 sur 90                                                                                                                                       4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




            Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
                                                                                                                                            Approximate
                                                                                                                                           Dollar Value of
                                                                                                                Total Number of          Shares that may yet
                                                                                                               Shares Purchased             be Purchased
                                                                    Total Number                Average        as Part of Publicly       Under the Plans or
                                                                      of Shares                Price Paid     Announced Plans or              Programs
            Period                                                  Purchased (1)             Per Share (2)       Programs (3)            ($ in Millions) (3)
            5/2/22 - 5/31/22                                                  —           $            —                      —      $                    598
            6/1/22 - 6/30/22                                           1,117,289          $         46.05              1,117,289     $                    547
            7/1/22 - 7/29/22                                                  —           $            —                      —      $                    547
            Total                                                      1,117,289                    $46.05             1,117,289     $                    547

            ____________________________________
            (1)
                  Shares purchased are as of the trade date.
            (2)
                  Average price paid per share is calculated on a settlement basis and excludes commission.
            (3)
                  In June 2021, our Board of Directors authorized an anti-dilutive share repurchase program of up to $250 million (June 2021 program) to
                  offset the impact of dilution from shares issued under our stock compensation programs. The June 2021 program has no expiration date,
                  but it may be suspended or discontinued at any time. Repurchases under the June 2021 program may be made in open-market or
                  privately negotiated transactions. In September 2021, the Board approved a strategic share repurchase program of up to $500 million
                  (September 2021 program). The September 2021 program has no expiration date, but it may be suspended or discontinued at any time.
                  Repurchases under the September 2021 program may be made in open-market or privately negotiated transactions.
            Item 6. Reserved
            Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
            OVERVIEW
                 This Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is provided as a supplement to, and
            should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
            statements presented in "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data," as well as the information contained in "Risk Factors."
                Unless otherwise stated, the terms "we," "us," "our" and the "company" refer to Campbell Soup Company and its consolidated
            subsidiaries.
            Executive Summary
                We are a manufacturer and marketer of high-quality, branded food and beverage products. We operate in a highly competitive industry
            and experience competition in all of our categories.
                 In 2022, we delivered solid full-year results while advancing our strategic plan in a volatile macroeconomic environment. During 2022,
            we navigated through a challenging environment marked by supply chain pressures, particularly around labor and high inflation. We
            enhanced and accelerated our recruiting efforts and hiring and onboarding processes, which improved our ability to meet sustained consumer
            demand. Our improved supply chain execution combined with inflation-driven pricing, continued supply chain productivity improvements
            and cost savings initiatives partially mitigated ongoing inflationary pressures experienced in 2022. We expect that inflation will continue to
            be a headwind in 2023. In addition, we expect a pre-tax headwind of approximately $35 million in 2023 related to lower net periodic pension
            and postretirement benefit income.
            Strategy
                 Our strategy is to unlock our full growth potential by focusing on our core brands in two divisions within North America while
            delivering on the promise of our purpose - Connecting people through food they love. Our strategic plan is based on four pillars: build a
            winning team and culture; accelerate profitable growth; fuel investments and margins with targeted cost savings; and deliver on the promise
            of our purpose all as further discussed below.
                We plan to continue our focus on building a winning team and culture by investing in our employee experience and improving employee
            engagement, prioritizing our inclusion and diversity strategy and investing in strategic capabilities and digitization that support our core
            brands in North America. In addition, we plan to continue to deliver on the promise of our purpose with consumer transparency initiatives,
            progress on our sustainability goals and strengthening our connection to the communities in which we operate.
                We believe that we can accelerate our profitable growth model by growing market share and driving integrated business planning
            programming throughout the company. We expect to grow market share through the development of more consumer-



                                                                                    17




18 sur 90                                                                                                                                          4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




            oriented product quality, marketing and innovation plans and prioritizing growth channels and retailers within our defined portfolio roles. In
            addition, we expect to continue to focus on accelerating the growth of our Snacks brands while also sustaining the growth in U.S. soup and
            our other core brands. We expect that changes in consumer behavior driven by the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to support ongoing
            elevated consumer demand for food at home, relative to pre-pandemic levels. We plan to capitalize on this opportunity by addressing
            evolving consumer needs through our unique and differentiated portfolio.
                 We also expect to fuel investments and margins by continuing to focus on mitigating the effects of inflation. We implemented price
            increases beginning in 2022 and continue to pursue our multi-year cost savings initiatives with targeted annualized cost savings of $1 billion
            for continuing operations by the end of 2025, with $850 million in synergies and run-rate cost savings achieved through 2022. See
            "Restructuring Charges and Cost Savings Initiatives" for additional information on these initiatives.
            Business Trends
                Our businesses are being influenced by a variety of trends that we anticipate will continue in the future, including: cost inflation;
            changing consumer preferences; and a competitive and dynamic retail environment.
                Our strategy is designed, in part, to capture growing consumer preferences for snacking and convenience. For example, we believe that
            consumers are changing their eating habits by increasing the type and frequency of snacks they consume and are continuing in-home eating
            behaviors that were driven by the COVID-19 pandemic.
                Retailers continue to use their buying power and negotiating strength to seek increased promotional programs funded by their suppliers
            and more favorable terms, including customized products funded by their suppliers. Any consolidations among retailers would continue to
            create large and sophisticated customers that may further this trend. Retailers also continue to grow and promote store brands that compete
            with branded products, especially on price.
                 Throughout 2022 we experienced elevated demand for our retail products versus pre-pandemic levels, but volumes were lower than
            fiscal 2021. In the first half of the year we experienced lower net sales due primarily to supply constraints based on materials availability and
            in the second half of the year, although supply significantly improved volumes declined due to inflation-driven pricing actions. We anticipate
            that demand related to at-home food consumption will remain elevated through 2023.
                 We also anticipate that 2023 will continue to be a dynamic macroeconomic environment, and expect input cost inflation to continue. We
            will continue to take actions to mitigate a portion of this inflationary pressure, but we do not expect such benefits will fully offset the
            incremental costs in 2023. Based on benefit obligations and plan assets as of July 31, 2022, net periodic pension and postretirement benefit
            income excluding any actuarial losses or gains is estimated to be approximately $35 million lower in 2023, subject to the impact of interim
            remeasurements. The decrease in 2023 is due to increases in discount rates used to determine the benefit obligations and a decline in the
            market value of plan assets.
            Business Divestitures
                 We completed the sale of our Kelsen business on September 23, 2019. On December 23, 2019, we completed the sale of our Arnott’s
            business and certain other international operations, including the simple meals and shelf-stable beverages businesses in Australia and Asia
            Pacific (the Arnott's and other international operations). Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2019, we have reflected the results of operations
            of the Kelsen business and the Arnott’s and other international operations (collectively referred to as Campbell International) as discontinued
            operations in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings for all periods presented. These businesses were historically included in the Snacks
            reportable segment. In addition, on October 11, 2019, we completed the sale of our European chips business. The results of the European
            chips business through the date of sale were reflected in continuing operations within the Snacks reportable segment.
                In the fourth quarter of 2021, we completed the sale of our Plum baby food and snacks business. The results of the Plum baby food and
            snacks business through the date of sale were reflected in continuing operations within the Meals & Beverages reportable segment.
                See Notes 3 and 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on these divestitures and reportable segments.
            Summary of Results
                This Summary of Results provides significant highlights from the discussion and analysis that follows.
                There were 52 weeks in 2022 and 2021. There were 53 weeks in 2020.
                •    Net sales increased 1% in 2022 to $8.562 billion as inflation-driven pricing and sales allowances were partially offset by volume
                     declines, the impact from the divestiture of the Plum baby food and snack business and increased



                                                                                   18




19 sur 90                                                                                                                                         4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                      promotional spending. Volumes declined primarily due to supply constraints driven by labor and materials availability and price
                      elasticities.
                  •   Gross profit, as a percent of sales, decreased to 30.7% in 2022 from 33.2% a year ago. The decrease was primarily due to higher cost
                      inflation, mark-to-market adjustments on outstanding undesignated commodity hedges and unfavorable volume/mix, partially offset
                      by inflation-driven pricing actions and supply chain productivity improvements.
                  •   Earnings per share from continuing operations were $2.51 in 2022, compared to $3.30 a year ago. The current year included
                      expenses of $.34 and the prior year included gains of $.45 per share from items impacting comparability as discussed below.
            Net Earnings attributable to Campbell Soup Company - 2022 Compared with 2021
                  The following items impacted the comparability of net earnings and net earnings per share:
                  Continuing Operations
                  •   In 2022, we recognized actuarial losses on our pension and postretirement plans in Other expenses / (income) of $44 million ($33
                      million after tax, or $.11 per share). In 2021, we recognized actuarial gains in Other expenses / (income) of $203 million ($155
                      million after tax, or $.51 per share);
                  •   In 2022, we recognized losses in Cost of products sold of $59 million ($44 million after tax, or $.15 per share) associated with
                      unrealized mark-to-market adjustments on outstanding undesignated commodity hedges. In 2021, we recognized gains in Cost of
                      products sold of $50 million ($38 million after tax, or $.12 per share) associated with unrealized mark-to-market adjustments on
                      outstanding undesignated commodity hedges;
                  •   We implemented several cost savings initiatives in recent years. In 2022, we recorded Restructuring charges of $5 million and
                      implementation costs and other related costs of $20 million in Administrative expenses, $5 million in Cost of products sold and $1
                      million in Marketing and selling expenses (aggregate impact of $24 million after tax, or $.08 per share) related to these initiatives. In
                      2021, we recorded Restructuring charges of $21 million and implementation costs and other related costs of $28 million in
                      Administrative expenses, $3 million in Cost of products sold and $1 million in Marketing and selling expenses (aggregate impact of
                      $40 million after tax, or $.13 per share) related to these initiatives. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and
                      "Restructuring Charges and Cost Savings Initiatives" for additional information;
                  •   In 2022, we recorded a loss in Interest expense of $4 million ($3 million after tax, or $.01 per share) on the extinguishment of debt;
                  •   In 2021, we recorded a loss in Other expenses / (income) of $11 million (and a gain of $3 million after tax, or $.01 per share) on the
                      sale of our Plum baby food and snacks business; and
                  •   In 2021, we recorded a $19 million ($.06 per share) deferred tax charge in connection with a legal entity reorganization as part of the
                      continued integration of Snyder's-Lance, Inc. (Snyder's-Lance).
                  The items impacting comparability are summarized below:
                                                                                                                     2022                            2021
                                                                                                          Earnings           EPS          Earnings           EPS
            (Millions, except per share amounts)                                                           Impact           Impact         Impact           Impact
            Earnings from continuing operations attributable to Campbell Soup Company                 $        757      $      2.51   $      1,008      $      3.30
            Loss from discontinued operations                                                         $         —       $        —    $          (6) $          (.02)
            Net earnings attributable to Campbell Soup Company(1)                                     $        757      $      2.51   $      1,002      $      3.29

            Continuing operations:
            Pension and postretirement actuarial gains (losses)                                       $        (33) $           (.11) $        155 $             .51
            Commodity mark-to-market gains (losses)                                                            (44)             (.15)           38               .12
            Restructuring charges, implementation costs and other related costs                                (24)             (.08)          (40)             (.13)
            Loss on debt extinguishment                                                                         (3)             (.01)           —                 —
            Gain associated with divestiture                                                                    —                 —              3               .01
            Deferred tax charge                                                                                 —                 —            (19)             (.06)
            Impact of items on Earnings from continuing operations(1)                                 $       (104) $           (.34) $        137 $             .45
            __________________________________________
            (1)
                  Sum of the individual amounts may not add due to rounding.


                                                                                    19




20 sur 90                                                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                         https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                 Earnings from continuing operations were $757 million ($2.51 per share) in 2022, compared to $1.008 billion ($3.30 per share) in 2021.
            After adjusting for items impacting comparability, earnings from continuing operations decreased reflecting lower gross profit, lower other
            income and higher administrative expenses, mostly offset by lower marketing and selling expenses, lower interest expense and a lower
            effective tax rate. Earnings per share benefited from a reduction in the weighted average diluted shares outstanding.
                See "Discontinued Operations" for additional information.
            Net Earnings attributable to Campbell Soup Company - 2021 Compared with 2020
               In addition to the 2021 items that impacted comparability of Net earnings discussed above, the following items impacted the
            comparability of net earnings and net earnings per share:
                Continuing Operations
                •   In 2020, we recognized actuarial losses on our pension and postretirement plans in Other expenses / (income) of $164 million ($125
                    million after tax, or $.41 per share);
                •   In 2020, we recognized gains in Cost of products sold of $2 million ($2 million after tax, or $.01 per share) associated with
                    unrealized mark-to-market adjustments on outstanding undesignated commodity hedges;
                •   In 2020, we recorded Restructuring charges of $9 million and implementation costs and other related costs of $48 million in
                    Administrative expenses, $9 million in Cost of products sold, $2 million in Marketing and selling expenses and $1 million in
                    Research and development expenses (aggregate impact of $52 million after tax, or $.17 per share) related to the cost savings
                    initiatives discussed above. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and "Restructuring Charges and Cost Savings
                    Initiatives" for additional information;
                •   In 2020, we recorded a loss in Other expenses / (income) of $64 million ($37 million after tax, or $.12 per share) on the sale of our
                    European chips business;
                •   On April 26, 2020, we entered into an agreement to sell our limited partnership interest in Acre Venture Partners, L.P. (Acre). The
                    transaction closed on May 8, 2020. In the third quarter of 2020, we recorded a loss in Other expenses / (income) of $45 million ($35
                    million after tax, or $.12 per share) as a result of the pending sale. See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
                    additional information; and
                •   In 2020, we recorded a loss in Interest expense of $75 million ($57 million after tax, or $.19 per share) on the extinguishment of
                    debt.
                Discontinued Operations
                •   In 2020, we recognized net gains of $1.039 billion ($1 billion after tax, or $3.29 per share) associated with the sale of Campbell
                    International.



                                                                                20




21 sur 90                                                                                                                                     4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                  The items impacting comparability are summarized below:
                                                                                                                          2021                             2020
                                                                                                               Earnings            EPS          Earnings           EPS
            (Millions, except per share amounts)                                                                Impact            Impact         Impact           Impact
            Earnings from continuing operations attributable to Campbell Soup Company                      $      1,008      $       3.30   $         592     $          1.95
            Earnings (loss) from discontinued operations                                                   $          (6) $           (.02) $       1,036     $          3.41
            Net earnings attributable to Campbell Soup Company(1)                                          $      1,002      $       3.29   $       1,628     $          5.36

            Continuing operations:
            Pension and postretirement actuarial gains (losses)                                            $        155 $              .51 $         (125) $             (.41)
            Commodity mark-to-market gains                                                                           38                .12              2                 .01
            Restructuring charges, implementation costs and other related costs                                     (40)              (.13)           (52)               (.17)
            Gains (charges) associated with divestitures                                                              3                .01            (37)               (.12)
            Deferred tax charge                                                                                     (19)              (.06)            —                   —
            Investment losses                                                                                        —                  —             (35)               (.12)
            Loss on debt extinguishment                                                                              —                  —             (57)               (.19)
            Impact of items on Earnings from continuing operations                                         $        137 $              .45 $         (304) $            (1.00)

            Discontinued operations:
            Gains associated with divestitures                                                             $         —       $         —    $       1,000     $          3.29
            Impact of items on Earnings (loss) from discontinued operations                                $         —       $         —    $       1,000     $          3.29
            __________________________________________
            (1)
                  Sum of the individual amounts may not add due to rounding.
                 Earnings from continuing operations were $1.008 billion ($3.30 per share) in 2021, compared to $592 million ($1.95 per share) in 2020.
            After adjusting for items impacting comparability, earnings from continuing operations decreased reflecting a lower gross profit margin and
            sales volume declines, partially offset by lower marketing and selling expenses, lower interest expense and higher other income. The
            additional week contributed approximately $.04 per share to Earnings from continuing operations in 2020.
                  See "Discontinued Operations" for additional information.
            DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
            Sales
                  An analysis of net sales by reportable segment follows:
                                                                                                                                                   % Change
            (Millions)                                              2022                    2021                   2020                2022/2021              2021/2020
            Meals & Beverages                                $             4,607   $               4,621   $              4,747             —                     (3)
            Snacks                                                         3,955                   3,855                  3,944             3                     (2)
                                                             $             8,562   $               8,476   $              8,691             1                     (2)




                                                                                       21




22 sur 90                                                                                                                                                         4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                  An analysis of percent change of net sales by reportable segment follows:
            2022 versus 2021                                                                  Meals & Beverages(2)       Snacks(2)             Total(2)
            Volume and mix                                                                           (6)%                 (6)%                  (6)%
            Price and sales allowances                                                                 8                    8                     8
            Decreased/(increased) promotional spending(1)                                             (2)                  —                     (1)
            Divestiture                                                                               (1)                  —                     (1)
                                                                                                     —%                    3%                    1%

            2021 versus 2020                                                                   Meals & Beverages         Snacks(2)             Total(2)
            Volume and mix                                                                           (2)%                 (1)%                  (2)%
            Price and sales allowances                                                                —                    —                     —
            Decreased/(increased) promotional spending(1)                                              1                    1                     1
            Divestiture                                                                               —                    (1)                   —
            Estimated impact of 53rd week                                                             (2)                  (2)                   (2)
                                                                                                     (3)%                 (2)%                  (2)%
            __________________________________________
            (1)
                  Represents revenue reductions from trade promotion and consumer coupon redemption programs.
            (2)
                  Sum of the individual amounts does not add due to rounding.
                 In 2022, Meals & Beverages sales were comparable with prior year. Excluding the impact from the divestiture of the Plum baby food and
            snacks business, sales increased primarily due to increases in U.S. soup and foodservice, partially offset by declines in V8 beverages.
            Inflation-driven pricing and sales allowances were partially offset by increased promotional spending. Volume decreased primarily due to
            supply constraints driven by labor and materials availability and price elasticities. Sales of U.S. soup increased 3%, due to increases in ready-
            to-serve soups, condensed soups and broth.
                In 2021, Meals & Beverages sales decreased 3%. Excluding the impact of the 53rd week, sales decreased primarily due to declines in
            foodservice, partially offset by gains in V8 beverages. Foodservice sales were negatively impacted by shifts in consumer behavior and
            continued COVID-19 related restrictions. Including a 1-point impact from the additional week, sales of U.S. soup decreased 1% due to
            declines in condensed soups and ready-to-serve soups, partially offset by gains in broth.
                 In 2022, Snacks sales increased 3% driven by sales of our power brands which increased 7%. Sales increased due to increases in cookies
            and crackers, primarily Goldfish crackers, and in salty snacks, primarily Snyder’s of Hanover pretzels and Kettle Brand potato chips which
            more than offset declines in Late July snacks, partially offset by declines in non-core businesses. Inflation-driven pricing and sales
            allowances were partly offset by volume declines. Volumes declined driven by supply constraints due to labor and materials availability and
            price elasticities.
                In 2021, Snacks sales decreased 2%. Excluding the impact of the 53rd week and the divestiture of the European chips business, sales
            were comparable driven by volume declines mostly offset by lower levels of promotional spending. Declines in partner brands and Lance
            sandwich crackers were mostly offset by gains in salty snacks, including Late July snacks and Snyder's of Hanover pretzels, and in Goldfish
            crackers. Partner brands consist of third-party branded products that we sell.
            Gross Profit
                 Gross profit, defined as Net sales less Cost of products sold, decreased by $184 million in 2022 from 2021 and decreased by $188
            million in 2021 from 2020. As a percent of sales, gross profit was 30.7% in 2022, 33.2% in 2021 and 34.5% in 2020.



                                                                                   22




23 sur 90                                                                                                                                         4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                 The 250 basis-point decrease and the 130 basis-point decrease in gross profit margin in 2022 and 2021, respectively, were due to the
            following factors:
                                                                                                                                       Margin Impact
                                                                                                                                2022                   2021
            Cost inflation, supply chain costs and other factors(1)                                                            (810)               (320)
            Volume/mix(2)                                                                                                      (130)                (40)
            Lower/(higher) level of promotional spending                                                                        (50)                 80
            Productivity improvements                                                                                           130                 150
            Price and sales allowances                                                                                          610                 (10)
            Lower restructuring-related costs                                                                                    —                   10
                                                                                                                               (250)               (130)
            __________________________________________
            (1)
                  2022 includes an estimated positive margin impact of 30 basis points from the benefit of cost savings initiatives, which was more than
                  offset by cost inflation and other factors, including a 130 basis-point impact from the change in unrealized mark-to-market adjustments
                  on outstanding undesignated commodity hedges. 2021 includes an estimated positive margin impact of a 60 basis-point benefit from the
                  change in unrealized mark-to-market adjustments on outstanding undesignated commodity hedges and 50 basis points from the benefit
                  of cost savings initiatives, which were more than offset by cost inflation and other factors.
            (2)
                  Includes the impact of operating leverage.
            Marketing and Selling Expenses
                Marketing and selling expenses as a percent of sales were 8.6% in 2022, 9.6% in 2021 and 10.9% in 2020. Marketing and selling
            expenses decreased 10% in 2022 from 2021. The decrease was primarily due to lower advertising and consumer promotion expense
            (approximately 10 points). The reduction in advertising and consumer promotion expense was primarily due to supply constraints.
                Marketing and selling expenses decreased 14% in 2021 from 2020. The decrease was primarily due to lower advertising and consumer
            promotion expense (approximately 7 points); increased benefits from cost savings initiatives (approximately 2 points); lower incentive
            compensation (approximately 2 points); lower selling expenses (approximately 1 point) and lower costs related to marketing overhead
            (approximately 1 point). The decrease in advertising and consumer promotion expense was primarily due to elevated levels in 2020.
            Administrative Expenses
                Administrative expenses as a percent of sales were 7.2% in 2022, 7.1% in 2021 and 7.2% in 2020. Administrative expenses increased
            3% in 2022 from 2021. The increase was primarily due to expenses related to the settlement of certain legal claims (approximately 3 points)
            and higher general administrative costs (approximately 3 points), partially offset by increased benefits from cost savings initiatives
            (approximately 3 points).
                 Administrative expenses decreased 4% in 2021 from 2020. The decrease was primarily due to lower incentive compensation
            (approximately 4 points); lower costs associated with cost savings initiatives (approximately 3 points); increased benefits from cost savings
            initiatives (approximately 2 points) and higher charitable contributions in 2020 (approximately 2 points), partially offset by higher
            information technology costs (approximately 4 points); higher inflation and other factors (approximately 2 points) and higher benefit-related
            costs (approximately 1 point).
            Other Expenses / (Income)
                  Other expenses in 2022 included the following:
                    • $41 million of amortization of intangible assets; and
                    • $23 million of net periodic benefit income, including pension and postretirement actuarial losses of $44 million.
                  Other income in 2021 included the following:
                    • $285 million of net periodic benefit income, including pension and postretirement actuarial gains of $203 million;
                    • $27 million of income from transition services fees;
                    • $42 million of amortization of intangible assets; and
                    • $11 million loss on the sale of the Plum baby food and snacks business.




                                                                                   23




24 sur 90                                                                                                                                          4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                  Other expenses in 2020 included the following:
                    • $73 million of net periodic benefit expense, including pension and postretirement actuarial losses of $164 million;
                    • $64 million loss on the sale of the European chips business;
                    • $45 million loss on Acre;
                    • $43 million of amortization of intangible assets; and
                    • $10 million of income from transition services fees.
            Operating Earnings
                  Segment operating earnings decreased 3% in 2022 from 2021 and decreased 6% in 2021 from 2020.
                  An analysis of operating earnings by segment follows:
                                                                                                                                          % Change
            (Millions)                                                                        2022       2021          2020        2022/2021    2021/2020
            Meals & Beverages                                                             $      874 $       922 $       1,009        (5)          (9)
            Snacks                                                                               517         514           525         1           (2)
                                                                                               1,391       1,436         1,534        (3)          (6)
            Corporate income (expense)                                                          (223)        130          (418)
            Restructuring charges(1)                                                              (5)        (21)           (9)
            Earnings before interest and taxes                                            $    1,163 $     1,545 $       1,107
            __________________________________________
            (1)
                  See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on restructuring charges.
                 Operating earnings from Meals & Beverages decreased 5% in 2022 versus 2021. The decrease was primarily due to lower gross profit
            and higher administrative expenses, partially offset by lower marketing and selling expenses. Gross profit margin declined driven by higher
            cost inflation and other supply chain costs as well as higher levels of promotional spending and unfavorable volume/mix, partially offset by
            the impact of pricing actions and supply chain productivity improvements.
                Operating earnings from Meals & Beverages decreased 9% in 2021 versus 2020. The decrease was primarily due to a lower gross profit
            margin and sales volume declines, partially offset by lower marketing and selling expenses and administrative expenses. Gross profit
            performance was impacted by higher cost inflation and other supply chain costs, as well as unfavorable volume/mix, partially offset by
            supply chain productivity improvements and lower levels of promotional activity.
                Operating earnings from Snacks increased 1% in 2022 versus 2021. The increase was primarily due to lower marketing and selling
            expenses and slightly higher gross profit, partially offset by higher administrative expenses due to the settlement of certain legal claims.
                 Operating earnings from Snacks decreased 2% in 2021 versus 2020. The decrease primarily due to a lower gross profit margin and sales
            volume declines, partially offset by lower marketing and selling expenses. Gross profit performance was impacted by higher cost inflation
            and other supply chain costs, as well as unfavorable volume/mix, partially offset by supply chain productivity improvements and cost savings
            initiatives as well as lower levels of promotional spending.
                  Corporate expense in 2022 included the following:
                    • $59 million of unrealized mark-to-market losses on outstanding undesignated commodity hedges;
                    • $44 million of pension and postretirement actuarial losses; and
                    • costs of $26 million related to cost savings initiatives.
                  Corporate income in 2021 included the following:
                    • $203 million of pension and postretirement actuarial gains;
                    • $50 million of unrealized mark-to-market gains on outstanding undesignated commodity hedges;
                    • costs of $32 million related to the cost savings initiatives; and
                    • a loss of $11 million from the sale of the Plum baby food and snacks business.
                  Corporate expense in 2020 included the following:
                    • $164 million of pension and postretirement actuarial losses;



                                                                                     24




25 sur 90                                                                                                                                       4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                                 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                  • a loss of $64 million from the sale of the European chips business;
                  • costs of $60 million related to the cost savings initiatives;
                  • a loss of $45 million on Acre; and
                  • $2 million of unrealized mark-to-market gains on outstanding undesignated commodity hedges.
            Interest Expense
                Interest expense decreased to $189 million in 2022 from $210 million in 2021. The decrease in interest expense was primarily due to
            lower levels of debt, partially offset by a loss on extinguishment of debt of $4 million in 2022.
                 Interest expense decreased to $210 million in 2021 from $345 million in 2020. The decrease in interest expense was due to a loss on
            extinguishment of debt of $75 million in 2020 and lower levels of debt.
            Taxes on Earnings
                The effective tax rate was 22.4% in 2022, 24.6% in 2021 and 22.7% in 2020.
                The decrease in the effective tax rate in 2022 from 2021 was primarily due to a $19 million deferred tax charge recognized in the second
            quarter of 2021 in connection with a legal entity reorganization as part of the continued integration of Snyder's-Lance and state income tax
            law changes.
                The increase in the effective rate in 2021 from 2020 was primarily due to the $19 million deferred tax charge recognized in the second
            quarter of 2021 and a $27 million tax benefit on the $64 million loss on the sale of the European chips business in 2020.
            Restructuring Charges and Cost Savings Initiatives
            Multi-year Cost Savings Initiatives and Snyder's-Lance Cost Transformation Program and Integration
                Beginning in fiscal 2015, we implemented initiatives to reduce costs and to streamline our organizational structure.
                Over the years, we expanded these initiatives by continuing to optimize our supply chain and manufacturing networks, including closing
            our manufacturing facility in Toronto, Ontario, as well as our information technology infrastructure.
                 On March 26, 2018, we completed the acquisition of Snyder's-Lance. Prior to the acquisition, Snyder's-Lance launched a cost
            transformation program following a comprehensive review of its operations with the goal of significantly improving its financial
            performance. We continued to implement this program and identified opportunities for additional cost synergies as we integrated Snyder's-
            Lance.
                In 2022, we expanded these initiatives as we continue to pursue cost savings by further optimizing our supply chain and manufacturing
            network and through effective cost management. Cost estimates for these expanded initiatives, as well as timing for certain activities, are
            continuing to be developed.
                A summary of charges recorded in Earnings from continuing operations related to these initiatives is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                Recognized as of
            (Millions, except per share amounts)                                             2022             2021             2020              July 31, 2022
            Restructuring charges                                                   $                5    $          21    $           9    $               264
            Administrative expenses                                                                 20               28               48                    359
            Cost of products sold                                                                    5                3                9                     84
            Marketing and selling expenses                                                           1                1                2                     14
            Research and development expenses                                                       —                —                 1                      4
            Total pre-tax charges                                                   $               31    $          53    $          69    $               725

            Aggregate after-tax impact                                              $               24    $          40    $          52
            Per share impact                                                        $               .08   $          .13   $          .17




                                                                                        25



26 sur 90                                                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




27 sur 90                                                       4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                           https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                 A summary of the pre-tax costs in Earnings from continuing operations associated with the initiatives is as follows:

                                                                                                                                            Recognized as of
            (Millions)                                                                                                                       July 31, 2022
            Severance pay and benefits                                                                                                  $                227
            Asset impairment/accelerated depreciation                                                                                                     82
            Implementation costs and other related costs                                                                                                 416
            Total                                                                                                                       $                725

                The total estimated pre-tax costs for actions associated with continuing operations that have been identified to date are approximately
            $735 million to $740 million and we expect to incur the costs through 2023. These estimates will be updated as the expanded initiatives are
            developed.
                We expect the costs for actions associated with continuing operations that have been identified to date to consist of the following:
            approximately $230 million in severance pay and benefits; approximately $85 million in asset impairment and accelerated depreciation; and
            approximately $420 million to $425 million in implementation costs and other related costs. We expect these pre-tax costs to be associated
            with our segments as follows: Meals & Beverages - approximately 31%; Snacks - approximately 44%; and Corporate - approximately 25%.
                 Of the aggregate $735 million to $740 million of pre-tax costs associated with continuing operations identified to date, we expect
            approximately $635 million to $640 million will be cash expenditures. In addition, we expect to invest approximately $445 million in capital
            expenditures through 2023, of which we invested $440 million as of July 31, 2022. The capital expenditures primarily relate to a U.S.
            warehouse optimization project, improvement of quality, safety and cost structure across the Snyder’s-Lance manufacturing network,
            implementation of our existing SAP enterprise-resource planning system for Snyder's-Lance, transition of production of the Toronto
            manufacturing facility to our U.S. thermal plants, optimization of information technology infrastructure and applications and optimization of
            the Snyder’s-Lance warehouse and distribution network.
                 We expect to fund the costs through cash flows from operations and short-term borrowings.
                 We expect the initiatives for actions associated with continuing operations, once all phases are implemented, to generate annual ongoing
            savings of approximately $1 billion by the end of 2025. As of July 31, 2022, we have generated total program-to-date pre-tax savings of $850
            million.
                Segment operating results do not include restructuring charges, implementation costs and other related costs because we evaluate
            segment performance excluding such charges. A summary of the pre-tax costs in Earnings from continuing operations associated with
            segments is as follows:
                                                                                                                                            Costs Incurred to
            (Millions)                                                                                                    2022                    Date
            Meals & Beverages                                                                                     $                2    $                 225
            Snacks                                                                                                                22                      321
            Corporate                                                                                                              7                      179
            Total                                                                                                 $               31    $                 725

                 See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
            Discontinued Operations
                We completed the sale of our Kelsen business on September 23, 2019, for $322 million. We also completed the sale of the Arnott’s and
            other international operations on December 23, 2019, for $2.286 billion. The purchase price was subject to certain post-closing adjustments,
            which resulted in $4 million of additional proceeds in the third quarter of 2020. Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2019, we have reflected the
            results of operations of the Kelsen business and the Arnott’s and other international operations, or Campbell International, as discontinued
            operations in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings for all periods presented. These businesses were historically included in the Snacks
            reportable segment.



                                                                                  26




28 sur 90                                                                                                                                           4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                 Results of discontinued operations were as follows:
            (Millions)                                                                                                                            2020
            Net sales                                                                                                                        $           359

            Earnings before taxes from operations                                                                                            $          53
            Taxes on earnings from operations                                                                                                           17
            Gain on sales of businesses / costs associated with selling the businesses                                                               1,039
            Tax expense on sales / costs associated with selling the businesses                                                                         39
            Earnings from discontinued operations                                                                                            $       1,036

                 In addition, in the third quarter of 2021, we recognized a $6 million loss due to tax expense from return-to-provision adjustments related
            to the sale of Campbell International.
                The sale of the Arnott's and other international operations resulted in a substantial capital gain for tax purposes. We were able to utilize
            capital losses in 2020, which were offset with valuation allowances as of July 28, 2019, to offset the capital gain.
            LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
                 We expect foreseeable liquidity and capital resource requirements to be met through anticipated cash flows from operations; long-term
            borrowings; short-term borrowings, which may include commercial paper; credit facilities; and cash and cash equivalents. We believe that
            our sources of financing will be adequate to meet our future requirements.
                We generated cash flows from operations of $1.181 billion in 2022, compared to $1.035 billion in 2021. The increase in 2022 was
            primarily due to changes in working capital, partially offset by lower cash earnings.
                 We generated cash flows from operations of $1.035 billion in 2021, compared to $1.396 billion in 2020. The decline in 2021 was
            primarily due changes in working capital, mostly from a significant increase in accounts payable in the prior year and lower accrued
            liabilities in the current year.
                 Current assets are less than current liabilities as a result of our level of current maturities of long-term debt and short-term borrowings
            and our focus to lower core working capital requirements. We had negative working capital of $923 million as of July 31, 2022, and $119
            million as of August 1, 2021. Total debt maturing within one year was $814 million as of July 31, 2022, and $48 million as of August 1,
            2021.
                 Capital expenditures were $242 million in 2022, $275 million in 2021 and $299 million in 2020. Capital expenditures are expected to
            total approximately $325 million in 2023. Capital expenditures in 2022 included improvement of the quality and cost structure of the
            Snyder's-Lance manufacturing network, the continued implementation of our existing SAP enterprise-resource planning system for Snyder's-
            Lance and cookie and cracker capacity expansion for our Snacks business. Capital expenditures in 2021 included the continued
            implementation of our existing SAP enterprise-resource planning system for Snyder's-Lance, chip capacity expansion projects, a Milano
            cookie capacity expansion project and a Goldfish cracker capacity expansion project. Capital expenditures in 2020 included implementation
            of our existing SAP enterprise-resource planning system for Snyder's-Lance, a Milano cookie capacity expansion project, chip capacity
            expansion projects and a Goldfish cracker capacity expansion project.
                In Snacks, we have a direct-store-delivery distribution model that uses independent contractor distributors. In order to maintain and
            expand this model, we routinely purchase and sell routes. The purchase and sale proceeds of the routes are reflected in investing activities.
                We completed the sale of our Kelsen business on September 23, 2019, for $322 million. On September 30, 2019, we repaid $399 million
            of our senior unsecured term loan facility using net proceeds from the Kelsen sale and the issuance of commercial paper. In addition, on
            October 11, 2019, we completed the sale of our European chips business for £63 million, or $77 million.
                 We completed the sale of the Arnott’s and other international operations on December 23, 2019, for $2.286 billion. The purchase price
            was subject to certain post-closing adjustments, which resulted in $4 million of additional proceeds in the third quarter of 2020. We used the
            net proceeds from the sale to reduce our debt through a series of actions. On December 31, 2019, we repaid the $100 million outstanding
            balance on our senior unsecured term loan facility. On January 22, 2020, we completed the redemption of all $500 million outstanding
            aggregate principal amount of our 4.25% Senior Notes due 2021. On January 24, 2020, we settled tender offers to purchase $1.2 billion in
            aggregate principal amount of certain unsecured debt, comprising $329 million of 3.30% Senior Notes due 2021, $634 million of 3.65%
            Senior Notes due 2023, and $237 million of 3.80% Senior Notes due 2043. Except for the $237 million of 3.80% Senior Notes due 2043, the
            Senior Notes settled under the tender offer were issued in connection with our acquisition of Snyder’s-Lance. The consideration for the
            redemption and the tender offers was $1.765 billion, including $65 million of premium. We recognized a loss of $75 million (including $65
            million



                                                                                   27




29 sur 90                                                                                                                                        4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




            of premium, fees and other costs paid with the tender offers and unamortized debt issuance costs), which was recorded in Interest expense in
            the Consolidated Statement of Earnings. In addition, we paid accrued and unpaid interest on the purchased notes through the dates of
            settlement. The net divestiture proceeds remaining after these debt reduction activities were used to reduce commercial paper borrowings.
                On May 3, 2021, we completed the sale of our Plum baby food and snacks business for $101 million.
                 Dividend payments were $451 million in 2022, $439 million in 2021 and $426 million in 2020. Annual dividends declared were $1.48
            per share in 2022, $1.46 per share in 2021 and $1.40 per share in 2020. The 2022 fourth quarter dividend was $.37 per share. The declaration
            of dividends is subject to the discretion of our Board and depends on various factors, including our net earnings, financial condition, cash
            requirements, future prospects and other factors that our Board deems relevant to its analysis and decision making.
                 In June 2021, the Board authorized an anti-dilutive share repurchase program of up to $250 million (June 2021 program) to offset the
            impact of dilution from shares issued under our stock compensation programs. The June 2021 program has no expiration date, but it may be
            suspended or discontinued at any time. Repurchases under the anti-dilutive program may be made in open-market or privately negotiated
            transactions. In September 2021, the Board approved a strategic share repurchase program of up to $500 million (September 2021 program).
            The September 2021 program has no expiration date, but it may be suspended or discontinued at any time. Repurchases under the September
            2021 program may be made in open-market or privately negotiated transactions. In 2022, we repurchased 3.8 million shares at a cost of $167
            million. Of this amount, $42 million was used to repurchase shares pursuant to our June 2021 program and $125 million was used to
            repurchase share pursuant to our September 2021 program. As of July 31, 2022, approximately $172 million remained available under the
            June 2021 program and approximately $375 million remained under the September 2021 program. In 2021, we repurchased approximately 1
            million shares at a cost of $36 million. See Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and "Market for Registrant's Capital Stock,
            Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities" for additional information.
                 On March 4, 2022, we completed the redemption of all $450 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of our 2.50% Senior Notes
            due August 2, 2022. The consideration for the redemption was $453 million, including $3 million of premium. We recognized a loss of $4
            million (including the $3 million of premium and other costs), which was recorded in Interest expense in the Consolidated Statement of
            Earnings. In addition, we paid accrued and unpaid interest on the redeemed notes through the date of settlement. We used a combination of
            cash on hand and short-term debt to fund the redemption.
                In March 2021, we repaid our 3.30% $321 million notes and floating rate $400 million notes, and in May 2021, we repaid our 8.875%
            $200 million notes. The repayments were funded with available cash and commercial paper issuances.
                On April 24, 2020, we issued senior unsecured notes in an aggregate principal amount of $1 billion, consisting of $500 million aggregate
            principal amount of notes bearing interest at a fixed rate of 2.375% per annum, due April 24, 2030, and $500 million aggregate principal
            amount of notes bearing interest at a fixed rate of 3.125% per annum, due April 24, 2050. On May 1, 2020, we used $300 million of the net
            proceeds to repay $300 million of borrowings outstanding under a revolving credit facility.
                 As of July 31, 2022, we had $814 million of short-term borrowings due within one year, of which $235 million was comprised of
            commercial paper borrowings. As of July 31, 2022, we issued $32 million of standby letters of credit. On November 2, 2020, we entered into
            a committed revolving credit facility totaling $1.85 billion scheduled to mature on November 2, 2023. On September 27, 2021, we replaced
            the facility with a new $1.85 billion committed revolving facility that matures on September 27, 2026. This facility remained unused at
            July 31, 2022, except for $1 million of standby letters of credit that we issued under it. The facility contains customary covenants, including a
            financial covenant with respect to a minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio of consolidated adjusted EBITDA to consolidated interest
            expense (as each is defined in the credit facility) of not less than 3.25:1.00, measured quarterly, and customary events of default for credit
            facilities of this type. Loans under this facility will bear interest at the rates specified in the facility, which vary based on the type of loan and
            certain other customary conditions. The facility supports our commercial paper program and other general corporate purposes. We expect to
            continue to access the commercial paper markets, bank credit lines and utilize cash flows from operations to support our short-term liquidity
            requirements.
                We are in compliance with the covenants contained in our credit facilities and debt securities.
               In September 2020, we filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission that registered an indeterminate
            amount of debt securities. Under the registration statement we may issue debt securities from time to time, depending on market conditions.



                                                                                     28




30 sur 90                                                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                           https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




            CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND OTHER COMMITMENTS
            Contractual Obligations
                We have short- and long-term material cash requirements related to our contractual obligations that arise in the normal course of
            business. In addition to principal and interest payments on our outstanding debt obligations, our contractual obligations primarily consist of
            purchase commitments, lease payments and pension and postretirement benefits.
                 See Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a summary of our principal payments for short-term borrowings and long-term
            debt obligations as of July 31, 2022. Interest payments for short-term borrowings and long-term debt as of July 31, 2022 are approximately as
            follows: $165 million in 2023; $290 million in 2024 through 2025; $220 million in 2026 through 2027; and $1.2 billion from 2028 through
            maturity.
                Purchase commitments represent purchase orders and long-term purchase arrangements related to the procurement of ingredients,
            supplies, machinery, equipment and services. As of July 31, 2022, purchase commitments totaled approximately $1.535 billion.
            Approximately $1.27 billion of these purchase commitments will be settled in the ordinary course of business in the next 12 months and the
            balance of $265 million from 2024 through 2027.
                See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a summary of our lease obligations as of July 31, 2022.
                 As of July 31, 2022, we recognized a pension liability of $120 million and a postretirement benefit obligation of $172 million. As of
            July 31, 2022, we also recognized a pension asset of $146 million based on the funded status of certain plans. See Note 9 to the Consolidated
            Financial Statements and "Significant Accounting Estimates" for further discussion of our pension and postretirement benefit obligations.
            Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Other Commitments
                We guarantee approximately 4,800 bank loans made to independent contractor distributors by third-party financial institutions for the
            purchase of distribution routes. The maximum potential amount of the future payments under existing guarantees we could be required to
            make is $500 million as of July 31, 2022. Our guarantees are indirectly secured by the distribution routes. We do not expect that we will be
            required to make material guarantee payments as a result of defaults on the bank loans guaranteed.
                 These obligations and commitments impact our liquidity and capital resource needs. We expect foreseeable liquidity and capital resource
            requirements to be met through anticipated cash flows from operations; long-term borrowings; short-term borrowings, which may include
            commercial paper; credit facilities; and cash and cash equivalents. We believe that our sources of financing will be adequate to meet our
            future requirements.
            MARKET RISK SENSITIVITY
                 The principal market risks to which we are exposed are changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and commodity prices.
            In addition, we are exposed to equity price changes related to certain deferred compensation obligations. We manage our foreign currency
            exposures by utilizing foreign exchange forward contracts. We enter into foreign exchange forward contracts for periods consistent with
            related underlying exposures, and the contracts do not constitute positions independent of those exposures. We manage our exposure to
            changes in interest rates by optimizing the use of variable-rate and fixed-rate debt and we may utilize interest rate swaps in order to maintain
            our variable-to-total debt ratio within targeted guidelines. We principally use a combination of purchase orders and various short- and long-
            term supply arrangements in connection with the purchase of raw materials, including certain commodities and agricultural products. We also
            enter into commodity futures, options and swap contracts to reduce the volatility of price fluctuations of wheat, diesel fuel, natural gas,
            soybean oil, aluminum, cocoa, corn, soybean meal and butter. We do not enter into derivative contracts for speculative purposes and do not
            use leveraged instruments.
                 The information below summarizes our market risks associated with significant financial instruments as of July 31, 2022. Fair values
            included herein have been determined based on quoted market prices or pricing models using current market rates. The information presented
            below should be read in conjunction with Notes 12, 13 and 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
                 We are exposed to foreign currency exchange risk, primarily the Canadian dollar, related to third-party transactions and intercompany
            transactions. We utilize foreign exchange forward purchase and sale contracts to hedge these exposures. The notional amounts of the
            contracts as of July 31, 2022, and August 1, 2021, were $153 million and $147 million, respectively. The aggregate fair value of all contracts
            was a gain of $2 million as of July 31, 2022, and a loss of $2 million as of August 1, 2021. A hypothetical 10% fluctuation in exchange rates
            would impact the fair value of our outstanding foreign exchange contracts by $17 million as of July 31, 2022, and as of August 1, 2021,
            which would generally be offset by inverse changes on the underlying hedged items.
                As of July 31, 2022, we had outstanding variable-rate debt of $235 million with an average interest rate of 2.63%. As of August 1, 2021,
            we had outstanding variable-rate debt of $37 million with an average interest rate of 0.22%. A hypothetical



                                                                                  29




31 sur 90                                                                                                                                        4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                           https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




            100-basis-point increase in average interest rates applied to our variable-rate debt balances throughout 2022 and 2021 would have increased
            annual interest expense in those years by approximately $1 million and $3 million, respectively.
                 As of July 31, 2022, we had outstanding fixed-rate debt of $4.609 billion with a weighted average interest rate of 3.76%. As of August 1,
            2021, we had outstanding fixed-rate debt of $5.059 billion with an average interest rate of 3.65%. The fair value of fixed-rate debt was
            $4.402 billion as of July 31, 2022 and $5.576 billion as of August 1, 2021. As of July 31, 2022, and August 1, 2021, a hypothetical 100-
            basis-point increase in interest rates would decrease the fair value of our fixed rate debt by approximately $274 million and $399 million,
            respectively, while a hypothetical 100-basis-point decrease in interest rates would increase the fair value of our fixed rate debt by
            approximately $318 million and $463 million, respectively. The impact of market interest rate fluctuations on our long-term debt does not
            affect our results of operations or financial position.
                 We enter into commodity futures, options and swap contracts, and a supply contract under which prices for certain raw materials are
            established based on anticipated volume requirements to reduce the volatility of price fluctuations for commodities. As of July 31, 2022, the
            total notional amount of the contracts was $296 million, and the aggregate fair value of these contracts was a loss of $7 million. As of
            August 1, 2021, the total notional amount of these contracts was $246 million, and the aggregate fair value of these contracts was a gain of
            $53 million. A hypothetical 10% fluctuation in commodity prices would impact the fair value of our outstanding commodity contracts by
            approximately $30 million as of July 31, 2022, and as of August 1, 2021, which would generally be offset by inverse changes on the
            underlying hedged items.
                 We enter into swap contracts which hedge a portion of exposures relating to certain deferred compensation obligations linked to the total
            return of the Vanguard Extended Market Index Plus Fund, the Vanguard Institutional Index Institutional Plus Fund, the Vanguard Short-Term
            Bond Index Fund and the Vanguard Total International Stock Index Fund. Prior to 2022, we had entered into swap contracts which hedged a
            portion of exposures linked to the total return of our capital stock. As of July 31, 2022, and August 1, 2021, we no longer hedge our exposure
            linked to the total return of our capital stock. The notional amount of the contracts was $50 million as of July 31, 2022, and $29 million as of
            August 1, 2021. The fair value of these contracts was a loss of $4 million as of July 31, 2022, and a gain of $3 million as of August 1, 2021.
            A hypothetical 10% fluctuation in equity price changes would impact the fair value of our outstanding swap contracts by $5 million as of
            July 31, 2022, and $3 million as of August 1, 2021, which would generally be offset by inverse changes on the underlying hedged items.
            SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
                We prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The
            preparation of these financial statements requires the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
            and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. Actual
            results could differ from those estimates and assumptions. See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of significant
            accounting policies. The following areas all require the use of subjective or complex judgments, estimates and assumptions:
                 Trade and consumer promotion programs — We offer various sales incentive programs to customers and consumers, such as feature
            price discounts, in-store display incentives, cooperative advertising programs, new product introduction fees and coupons. The mix between
            these forms of variable consideration, which are classified as reductions in revenue and recognized upon sale, and advertising or other
            marketing activities, which are classified as marketing and selling expenses, fluctuates between periods based on our overall marketing plans.
            The measurement and recognition of the costs for trade and consumer promotion programs involves the use of judgment related to
            performance and redemption estimates. Estimates are made based on historical experience and other factors, including expected volume.
            Typically, programs that are offered have a very short duration. Historically, the difference between actual experience compared to estimated
            redemptions and performance has not been significant to the quarterly or annual financial statements. Differences between estimates and
            actual costs are recognized as a change in estimate in a subsequent period. However, actual expenses may differ if the level of redemption
            rates and performance were to vary from estimates. Accrued trade and consumer promotion liabilities as of July 31, 2022 and August 1, 2021
            were $141 million and $121 million, respectively.
                 Valuation of long-lived assets — Fixed assets and amortizable intangible assets are reviewed for impairment as events or changes in
            circumstances occur indicating that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. Undiscounted cash flow analyses are used to
            determine if impairment exists. If impairment is determined to exist, the loss is calculated based on estimated fair value.
                Goodwill and intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives are not amortized but rather are tested at least annually in the fourth
            quarter for impairment, or more often if events or changes in circumstances indicate that more likely than not the carrying amount of the asset
            may not be recoverable.
                Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit represents an operating segment or a component of an
            operating segment. Goodwill is tested for impairment by either performing a qualitative evaluation or a quantitative test. The qualitative
            evaluation is an assessment of factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the



                                                                                  30




32 sur 90                                                                                                                                        4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




            fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. We may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment for
            some or all reporting units and perform a quantitative impairment test. Fair value is determined based on discounted cash flow analyses. The
            discounted estimates of future cash flows include significant management assumptions such as revenue growth rates, operating margins,
            weighted average costs of capital and future economic and market conditions. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds fair value,
            goodwill is considered impaired. An impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying value of the reporting unit
            exceeds fair value, limited to the amount of goodwill in the reporting unit.
                Indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment by comparing the fair value of the asset to the carrying value. Fair value is
            determined using a relief from royalty valuation method based on discounted cash flow analyses that include significant management
            assumptions such as revenue growth rates, weighted average costs of capital and assumed royalty rates. If the carrying value exceeds fair
            value, an impairment charge will be recorded to reduce the asset to fair value.
                As of July 31, 2022, the carrying value of goodwill was $3.979 billion. Based on our assessments, all of our reporting units had fair
            values that significantly exceeded carrying values.
                  As of July 31, 2022, the carrying value of indefinite-lived trademarks was $2.549 billion as detailed below:
            (Millions)
            Snyder's of Hanover                                                                                                              $             620
            Lance                                                                                                                                          350
            Kettle Brand                                                                                                                                   318
            Pace                                                                                                                                           292
            Pacific Foods                                                                                                                                  280
            Various other Snacks(1)                                                                                                                        689
            Total                                                                                                                            $           2,549

            _____________________________________
            (1)
                  Associated with the acquisition of Snyder's-Lance.
                 As of the 2022 impairment testing, indefinite-lived trademarks with 10% or less of excess coverage of fair value over carrying value had
            an aggregate carrying value of $434 million and included Pacific Foods and certain other Snacks trademarks. Although assumptions are
            generally interdependent and do not change in isolation, sensitivities to changes are provided below. Holding all other assumptions in our
            2022 impairment testing constant, changes in the assumptions below would reduce fair value of trademarks and result in impairment charges
            of approximately:
                                                               Snyder's of                                                                        Various Other
            (Millions)                                          Hanover          Lance           Kettle Brand      Pace           Pacific Foods      Snacks
            1% increase in the weighted-average cost
            of capital                                     $             —   $           —   $            (15) $          —   $            (30) $          (25)
            1% reduction in revenue growth                 $             —   $           —   $             — $            —   $             (5) $          (15)
            1% decrease in royalty rate                    $             —   $           —   $             (5) $          —   $            (30) $          (60)

               While the 1% changes in assumptions would not result in impairment charges on certain trademarks as indicated above, some changes
            would reduce the excess coverage of fair value over carrying value to less than 10% for the Lance and Pace trademarks.
                The estimates of future cash flows used in impairment testing are made at a point in time, involve considerable management judgment,
            and are based upon assumptions about expected future operating performance, assumed royalty rates, economic conditions, market conditions
            and cost of capital. Inherent in estimating the future cash flows are uncertainties beyond our control, such as changes in capital markets. The
            actual cash flows could differ materially from management’s estimates due to changes in business conditions, operating performance and
            economic conditions. If assumptions are not achieved or market conditions decline, potential impairment charges could result. We will
            continue to monitor the valuation of our long-lived assets.
                  See also Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on goodwill and intangible assets.
                 Pension and postretirement benefits — We provide certain pension and postretirement benefits to employees and retirees. Determining
            the cost associated with such benefits is dependent on various actuarial assumptions, including discount rates, expected return on plan assets,
            compensation increases, turnover rates and health care trend rates. Independent actuaries, in accordance with accounting principles generally
            accepted in the United States, perform the required calculations to determine expense. Actuarial gains and losses are recognized immediately
            in Other expenses / (income) in the Consolidated Statements of



                                                                                   31




33 sur 90                                                                                                                                            4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




            Earnings as of the measurement date, which is our fiscal year end, or more frequently if an interim remeasurement is required. We use the fair
            value of plan assets to calculate the expected return on plan assets.
                In establishing the discount rate, we review published market indices of high-quality debt securities, adjusted as appropriate for duration.
            In addition, independent actuaries apply high-quality bond yield curves to the expected benefit payments of the plans. We use a full yield
            curve approach to estimate service cost and interest cost by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used to determine the
            benefit obligation of the relevant projected cash flows.
                 The expected return on plan assets is a long-term assumption based upon historical experience and expected future performance,
            considering our current and projected investment mix. This estimate is based on an estimate of future inflation, long-term projected real
            returns for each asset class and a premium for active management. Within any given fiscal period, significant differences may arise between
            the actual return and the expected return on plan assets. Gains and losses resulting from differences between actual experience and the
            assumptions are determined at each measurement date.
                 As of July 31, 2022, we recognized a pension liability of $120 million and a postretirement benefit obligation of $172 million. As of
            July 31, 2022, we also recognized a pension asset of $146 million based on the funded status of certain plans.
                Net periodic pension and postretirement benefit expense (income) and actuarial losses (gains) included within net periodic pension and
            benefit expense (income) were as follows:
            (Millions)                                                                                                         2022        2021        2020

            Total net periodic pension and postretirement benefit expense (income)                                        $       (7) $      (267) $      93
            Actuarial losses (gains)                                                                                      $       44   $     (203) $     164

                The actuarial losses recognized in 2022 were primarily due to losses on plan assets, partially offset by increases in discount rates used to
            determine the benefit obligation. The actuarial gains recognized in 2021 were primarily due to higher than anticipated investment gains on
            plan assets and increases in discount rates used to determine the benefit obligation. The actuarial losses recognized in 2020 were primarily
            due to decreases in discount rates used to determine the benefit obligation, partially offset by higher than anticipated investment gains on plan
            assets.
                Based on benefit obligations and plan assets as of July 31, 2022, net periodic pension and postretirement benefit income excluding any
            actuarial losses or gains is estimated to be approximately $35 million lower in 2023, subject to the impact of interim remeasurements. The
            decrease in 2023 is due to increases in discount rates used to determine the benefit obligations and a decline in the market value of plan
            assets.
                 Significant weighted-average assumptions as of the end of the year were as follows:
                                                                                                                               2022        2021        2020
            Pension
            Discount rate for benefit obligations                                                                             4.58%        2.69%       2.47%
            Expected return on plan assets                                                                                    6.40%        5.82%       6.01%
            Postretirement
            Discount rate for obligations                                                                                     4.48%        2.37%       2.15%

                Based on benefit obligations and plan assets as of July 31, 2022, estimated sensitivities to 2023 annual net periodic pension and
            postretirement cost are as follows:
                   • a 50-basis-point increase in the discount rate would result in expense of approximately $6 million and would result in an immediate
                     actuarial gain recognition of approximately $69 million;
                   • a 50-basis-point decline in the discount rate would result in income of approximately $6 million and would result in an immediate
                     actuarial loss recognition of approximately $76 million; and
                   • a 50-basis-point reduction in the estimated return on assets assumption would result in expense of approximately $8 million.
                 There were no contributions to pension plans in 2022, and $2 million in 2021 and 2020. Contributions to pension plans are not expected
            to be material in 2023.
                 See also Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on pension and postretirement benefits.
                Income taxes — The effective tax rate reflects statutory tax rates, tax planning opportunities available in the various jurisdictions in
            which we operate and management’s estimate of the ultimate outcome of various tax audits and issues. Significant judgment is required in
            determining the effective tax rate and in evaluating tax positions. Income taxes are recorded based on amounts refundable or payable in the
            current year and include the effect of deferred taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future impact of differences
            between the financial statement carrying amounts of assets and

                                                                                   32



34 sur 90                                                                                                                                          4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




35 sur 90                                                       4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




            liabilities and their respective tax bases, as well as for operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
            measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those differences are expected to be recovered or
            settled. Valuation allowances are established for deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized.
                See also Notes 1 and 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion on income taxes.
            RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
                See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on recent accounting pronouncements.
            CAUTIONARY FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS
                 This Report contains "forward-looking" statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These
            forward-looking statements reflect our current expectations regarding our future results of operations, economic performance, financial
            condition and achievements. These forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as "anticipate," "believe," "estimate,"
            "expect," "intend," "plan," "pursue," "strategy," "target," "will" and similar expressions. One can also identify forward-looking statements by
            the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts, and may reflect anticipated cost savings or implementation of our strategic
            plan. These statements reflect our current plans and expectations and are based on information currently available to us. They rely on several
            assumptions regarding future events and estimates which could be inaccurate and which are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties.
                 We wish to caution the reader that the following important factors and those important factors described in Part 1, Item 1A and elsewhere
            in this Report, or in our other Securities and Exchange Commission filings, could affect our actual results and could cause such results to
            vary materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by, or on behalf of, us:
                •    impacts of, and associated responses to the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, suppliers, customers, consumers and employees;
                •    our ability to execute on and realize the expected benefits from our strategy, including growing sales in snacks and
                     growing/maintaining our market share position in soup;
                •    the impact of strong competitive responses to our efforts to leverage brand power with product innovation, promotional programs
                     and new advertising;
                •    the risks associated with trade and consumer acceptance of product improvements, shelving initiatives, new products and pricing
                     and promotional strategies;
                •    our ability to realize projected cost savings and benefits from cost savings initiatives and the integration of recent acquisitions;
                •    disruptions in or inefficiencies to our supply chain and/or operations including the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic;
                •    the risks related to the availability of, and cost inflation in, supply chain inputs, including labor, raw materials, commodities,
                     packaging and transportation;
                •    risks related to the effectiveness of our hedging activities and our ability to respond to volatility in commodity prices;
                •    our ability to manage changes to our organizational structure and/or business processes, including selling, distribution,
                     manufacturing and information management systems or processes;
                •    changes in consumer demand for our products and favorable perception of our brands;
                •    changing inventory management practices by certain of our key customers;
                •    a changing customer landscape, with value and e-commerce retailers expanding their market presence, while certain of our key
                     customers maintain significance to our business;
                •    product quality and safety issues, including recalls and product liabilities;
                •    the possible disruption to the independent contractor distribution models used by certain of our businesses, including as a result of
                     litigation or regulatory actions affecting their independent contractor classification;
                •    the uncertainties of litigation and regulatory actions against us;
                •    the costs, disruption and diversion of management's attention associated with activist investors;
                •    a disruption, failure or security breach of our or our vendors' information technology systems, including ransomware attacks;
                •    impairment to goodwill or other intangible assets;



                                                                                     33




36 sur 90                                                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                •   our ability to protect our intellectual property rights;
                •   increased liabilities and costs related to our defined benefit pension plans;
                •   our ability to attract and retain key talent;
                •   goals and initiatives related to, and the impacts of, climate change, including from weather-related events;
                •   negative changes and volatility in financial and credit markets, deteriorating economic conditions and other external factors,
                    including changes in laws and regulations; and
                •   unforeseen business disruptions or other impacts due to political instability, civil disobedience, terrorism, armed hostilities
                    (including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine), extreme weather conditions, natural disasters, other pandemics or
                    other calamities.
                 This discussion of uncertainties is by no means exhaustive but is designed to highlight important factors that may impact our outlook.
            We disclaim any obligation or intent to update forward-looking statements made by us in order to reflect new information, events or
            circumstances after the date they are made.
            Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk
               The information presented in the section entitled "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
            Operations — Market Risk Sensitivity" is incorporated herein by reference.



                                                                                   34




37 sur 90                                                                                                                                       4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                          https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




            Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data


                                                INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            Consolidated Statements of Earnings                                                                                36
            Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income                                                                    37
            Consolidated Balance Sheets                                                                                        38
            Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                                                              39
            Consolidated Statements of Equity                                                                                  40
            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                    Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies                                                         41
                    Note 2. Recent Accounting Pronouncements                                                                   43
                    Note 3. Divestitures                                                                                       43
                    Note 4. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)                                                      45
                    Note 5. Goodwill and Intangible Assets                                                                     47
                    Note 6. Segment Information                                                                                48
                    Note 7. Restructuring Charges and Cost Savings Initiatives                                                 49
                    Note 8. Earnings per Share                                                                                 51
                    Note 9. Pension and Postretirement Benefits                                                                51
                    Note 10. Leases                                                                                            57
                    Note 11. Taxes on Earnings                                                                                 58
                    Note 12. Short-term Borrowings and Long-term Debt                                                          60
                    Note 13. Financial Instruments                                                                             62
                    Note 14. Variable Interest Entity                                                                          65
                    Note 15. Fair Value Measurements                                                                           65
                    Note 16. Shareholders' Equity                                                                              67
                    Note 17. Stock-based Compensation                                                                          67
                    Note 18. Commitments and Contingencies                                                                     70
                    Note 19. Supplemental Financial Statement Data                                                             71
            Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting                                                   74
            Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm                                                            75




                                                                                 35




38 sur 90                                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                                                                  CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY
                                                                 Consolidated Statements of Earnings
                                                                 (millions, except per share amounts)

                                                                                                                  2022            2021            2020
                                                                                                                52 weeks        52 weeks        53 weeks
            Net sales                                                                                       $       8,562   $       8,476   $       8,691
            Costs and expenses
              Cost of products sold                                                                                 5,935           5,665           5,692
              Marketing and selling expenses                                                                          734             817             947
              Administrative expenses                                                                                 617             598             622
              Research and development expenses                                                                        87              84              93
              Other expenses / (income)                                                                                21            (254)            221
              Restructuring charges                                                                                     5              21               9
            Total costs and expenses                                                                                7,399           6,931           7,584
            Earnings before interest and taxes                                                                      1,163           1,545           1,107
            Interest expense                                                                                          189             210             345
            Interest income                                                                                             1               1               4
            Earnings before taxes                                                                                     975           1,336             766
            Taxes on earnings                                                                                         218             328             174
            Earnings from continuing operations                                                                       757           1,008             592
            Earnings (loss) from discontinued operations                                                               —               (6)          1,036
            Net earnings                                                                                              757           1,002           1,628
              Less: Net earnings (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests                                       —               —               —
            Net earnings attributable to Campbell Soup Company                                              $         757   $       1,002 $         1,628
            Per Share — Basic
            Earnings from continuing operations attributable to Campbell Soup Company                       $        2.51   $        3.33 $          1.96
            Earnings (loss) from discontinued operations                                                               —             (.02)           3.43
            Net earnings attributable to Campbell Soup Company                                              $        2.51   $        3.31 $          5.39
            Weighted average shares outstanding — basic                                                               301             303             302
            Per Share — Assuming Dilution
            Earnings from continuing operations attributable to Campbell Soup Company                       $        2.51   $        3.30 $          1.95
            Earnings (loss) from discontinued operations                                                               —             (.02)           3.41
            Net earnings attributable to Campbell Soup Company(1)                                           $        2.51   $        3.29 $          5.36
            Weighted average shares outstanding — assuming dilution                                                   302             305             304

            (1)
                  Sum of the individual amounts may not add due to rounding.
            See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.




                                                                                   36




39 sur 90                                                                                                                                       4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                                       https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                                                                      CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY
                                                              Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
                                                                                 (millions)
                                                                       2022                                           2021                                     2020
                                                                      52 weeks                                      52 weeks                                  53 weeks
                                                         Pre-tax    Tax benefit   After-tax            Pre-tax    Tax benefit    After-tax        Pre-tax   Tax benefit   After-tax
                                                         amount      (expense)    amount               amount      (expense)     amount           amount     (expense)    amount
            Net earnings                                                          $    757                                       $   1,002                                $   1,628
            Other comprehensive income (loss):
              Foreign currency translation:
                 Foreign currency translation
                 adjustments                         $        (6) $         —            (6)       $        12    $       —             12    $        (1) $        —            (1)
                 Reclassification of currency
                 translation adjustments realized
                 upon disposal of business                    —             —           —                   —             —             —            206              4        210
              Cash-flow hedges:
                 Unrealized gains (losses) arising
                 during period                                17            (3)         14                  (5)              1          (4)             3           (1)           2
                 Reclassification adjustment for
                 losses (gains) included in net
                 earnings                                    (12)             2        (10)                  8            (1)            7             —            —            —
              Pension and other postretirement
              benefits:
                 Reclassification of prior service
                 credit included in net earnings              (1)           —           (1)                 (5)              1          (4)          (28)             6         (22)
            Other comprehensive income (loss) $               (2) $         (1)         (3)        $        10 $             1          11    $      180 $            9         189
            Total comprehensive income (loss)                                     $    754                                       $   1,013                                $   1,817
            Total comprehensive income (loss)
            attributable to noncontrolling interests                                    —                                               (4)                                       1
            Total comprehensive income (loss)
            attributable to Campbell Soup
            Company                                                               $    754                                       $   1,017                                $   1,816

            See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.



                                                                                              37




40 sur 90                                                                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                         https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                                                               CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY
                                                                  Consolidated Balance Sheets
                                                              (millions, except per share amounts)
                                                                                                                     July 31,          August 1,
                                                                                                                      2022               2021
            Current assets
             Cash and cash equivalents                                                                           $          109    $            69
             Accounts receivable, net                                                                                       541                595
             Inventories                                                                                                  1,246                933
             Other current assets                                                                                            67                 98
            Total current assets                                                                                          1,963              1,695
            Plant assets, net of depreciation                                                                             2,343              2,370
            Goodwill                                                                                                      3,979              3,981
            Other intangible assets, net of amortization                                                                  3,198              3,239
            Other assets                                                                                                    409                449
            Total assets                                                                                         $       11,892    $        11,734
            Current liabilities
             Short-term borrowings                                                                               $           814   $            48
             Payable to suppliers and others                                                                               1,334             1,070
             Accrued liabilities                                                                                             621               576
             Dividends payable                                                                                               114               115
             Accrued income taxes                                                                                              3                 5
            Total current liabilities                                                                                      2,886             1,814
            Long-term debt                                                                                                 3,996             5,010
            Deferred taxes                                                                                                 1,074             1,051
            Other liabilities                                                                                                603               705
            Total liabilities                                                                                              8,559             8,580
            Commitments and contingencies
            Campbell Soup Company shareholders' equity
             Preferred stock; authorized 40 shares; none issued                                                              —                  —
             Capital stock, $.0375 par value; authorized 560 shares; issued 323 shares                                       12                 12
             Additional paid-in capital                                                                                     415                414
             Earnings retained in the business                                                                            4,040              3,742
             Capital stock in treasury, at cost                                                                          (1,138)            (1,021)
             Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                    2                  5
            Total Campbell Soup Company shareholders' equity                                                              3,331              3,152
            Noncontrolling interests                                                                                          2                  2
            Total equity                                                                                                  3,333              3,154
            Total liabilities and equity                                                                         $       11,892 $           11,734

            See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.




                                                                                38




41 sur 90                                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                                      https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                                                                          CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY
                                                                        Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
                                                                                      (millions)
                                                                                                                            2022              2021              2020
                                                                                                                          52 weeks          52 weeks          53 weeks
            Cash flows from operating activities:
             Net earnings                                                                                             $          757    $        1,002    $        1,628
             Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to operating cash flow
                Restructuring charges                                                                                              5                21                 9
                Stock-based compensation                                                                                          59                64                61
                Pension and postretirement benefit expense (income)                                                               (7)             (267)               93
                Depreciation and amortization                                                                                    337               317               328
                Deferred income taxes                                                                                             21               137                (6)
                Net loss (gain) on sales of businesses                                                                            —                 11              (975)
                Loss on extinguishment of debt                                                                                     4                —                 75
                Investment losses                                                                                                 —                 —                 49
                Other                                                                                                             88                86               101
             Changes in working capital, net of divestitures
                Accounts receivable                                                                                               48               (20)              (30)
                Inventories                                                                                                     (314)              (77)              (20)
                Other current assets                                                                                              25               (28)               (3)
                Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                                         200              (164)              145
             Other                                                                                                               (42)              (47)              (59)
                    Net cash provided by operating activities                                                                  1,181             1,035             1,396
            Cash flows from investing activities:
             Purchases of plant assets                                                                                          (242)             (275)             (299)
             Purchases of route businesses                                                                                        (1)               (2)              (11)
             Sales of route businesses                                                                                             2                10                11
             Sales of businesses, net of cash divested                                                                            —                101             2,537
             Proceeds from sale of investment                                                                                     —                 —                 30
             Other                                                                                                                11                 8                 4
                     Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities                                                        (230)             (158)            2,272
            Cash flows from financing activities:
              Short-term borrowings, including commercial paper and revolving line of credit                                   1,173               320             5,617
              Short-term repayments, including commercial paper and revolving line of credit                                    (997)             (580)           (6,909)
              Long-term borrowings                                                                                                —                 —              1,000
              Long-term repayments                                                                                                —               (921)             (499)
              Dividends paid                                                                                                    (451)             (439)             (426)
              Treasury stock purchases                                                                                          (167)              (36)               —
              Treasury stock issuances                                                                                             3                 2                23
              Payments related to tax withholding for stock-based compensation                                                   (18)              (15)              (12)
              Payments related to extinguishment of debt                                                                        (453)               —             (1,769)
              Payments of debt issuance costs                                                                                     —                 —                (12)
                     Net cash used in financing activities                                                                      (910)           (1,669)           (2,987)
            Effect of exchange rate changes on cash                                                                               (1)                2                (1)
            Net change in cash and cash equivalents                                                                               40              (790)              680
            Cash and cash equivalents — beginning of period (including discontinued operations)                                   69               859               179
            Less cash and cash equivalents discontinued operations - end of period                                                —                 —                 —
            Cash and cash equivalents — end of period                                                                 $          109    $           69    $          859

            See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.




                                                                                          39




42 sur 90                                                                                                                                                     4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                                         https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                                                                             CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY
                                                                            Consolidated Statements of Equity
                                                                           (millions, except per share amounts)
                                                                    Campbell Soup Company Shareholders’ Equity
                                                           Capital Stock
                                                    Issued              In Treasury                     Earnings              Accumulated
                                                                                          Additional   Retained in               Other
                                                                                           Paid-in         the               Comprehensive       Noncontrolling      Total
                                              Shares     Amount      Shares     Amount     Capital      Business             Income (Loss)         Interests        Equity
            Balance at July 28, 2019             323 $       12          (22) $ (1,076) $        372 $       1,993         $           (198)   $              9   $    1,112
            Net earnings (loss)                                                                                   1,628                                     —          1,628
            Divestiture                                                                                                                                     (4)           (4)
            Other comprehensive income
            (loss)                                                                                                                      188                  1          189
            Dividends ($1.40 per share)                                                                           (428)                                                (428)
            Treasury stock purchased                                          —           —                                                                              —
            Treasury stock issued under
            management incentive and stock
            option plans                                                       1          53             22          (3)                                                  72
            Balance at August 2, 2020             323           12           (21)     (1,023)           394       3,190                 (10)                 6         2,569
            Net earnings (loss)                                                                                   1,002                                     —          1,002
            Other comprehensive income
            (loss)                                                                                                                       15                 (4)          11
            Dividends ($1.46 per share)                                                                           (444)                                                (444)
            Treasury stock purchased                                          (1)        (36)                                                                           (36)
            Treasury stock issued under
            management incentive and stock
            option plans                                                       1          38             20          (6)                                                  52
            Balance at August 1, 2021             323           12           (21)     (1,021)           414       3,742                   5                  2         3,154
            Net earnings (loss)                                                                                    757                                      —           757
            Other comprehensive income
            (loss)                                                                                                                       (3)                —            (3)
            Dividends ($1.48 per share)                                                                           (451)                                                (451)
            Treasury stock purchased                                          (4)       (167)                                                                          (167)
            Treasury stock issued under
            management incentive and
            stock option plans                                                 1          50              1          (8)                                                  43
            Balance at July 31, 2022              323    $      12           (24)   $ (1,138)   $       415   $   4,040    $              2    $             2    $    3,333

            See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                                                                                40




43 sur 90                                                                                                                                                         4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                           https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
            Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
                In this Report, unless otherwise stated, the terms "we," "us," "our" and the "company" refer to Campbell Soup Company and its
            consolidated subsidiaries.
                We are a manufacturer and marketer of high-quality, branded food and beverage products.
                Basis of Presentation — The consolidated financial statements include our accounts and entities in which we maintain a controlling
            financial interest and a variable interest entity (VIE) for which we were the primary beneficiary. Intercompany transactions are eliminated in
            consolidation. Our fiscal year ends on the Sunday nearest July 31. There were 52 weeks in 2022 and 2021, and 53 weeks in 2020.
                Discontinued Operations — We present discontinued operations when there is a disposal of a component or a group of components that
            in our judgment represents a strategic shift that will have a major effect on our operations and financial results. We aggregate the results of
            operations for discontinued operations into a single line item in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings for all periods presented. General
            corporate overhead is not allocated to discontinued operations. See Note 3 for additional information.
                 Use of Estimates — Generally accepted accounting principles require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect assets,
            liabilities, revenues and expenses. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
                 Revenue Recognition — Our revenues primarily consist of the sale of food and beverage products through our own sales force and/or
            third-party brokers and distribution partners. Revenues are recognized when our performance obligation has been satisfied and control of the
            product passes to our customers, which typically occurs when products are delivered or accepted by customers in accordance with terms of
            agreements. Shipping and handling costs incurred to deliver the product are recorded within Cost of products sold. Amounts billed and due
            from our customers are classified as Accounts receivable in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and require payment on a short-term basis.
            Revenues are recognized net of provisions for returns, discounts and certain sales promotion expenses, such as feature price discounts, in-
            store display incentives, cooperative advertising programs, new product introduction fees and coupon redemption costs. These forms of
            variable consideration are recognized upon sale. The recognition of costs for promotion programs involves the use of judgment related to
            performance and redemption estimates. Estimates are made based on historical experience and other factors, including expected volume.
            Historically, the difference between actual experience compared to estimated redemptions and performance has not been significant to the
            quarterly or annual financial statements. Differences between estimates and actual costs are recognized as a change in estimate in a
            subsequent period. Revenues are presented on a net basis for arrangements under which suppliers perform certain additional services. See
            Note 6 for additional information on disaggregation of revenue.
                Cash and Cash Equivalents — All highly liquid debt instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less are classified as cash
            equivalents.
                Inventories — All inventories are valued at the lower of average cost or net realizable value.
                 Property, Plant and Equipment — Property, plant and equipment are recorded at historical cost and are depreciated over estimated useful
            lives using the straight-line method. Buildings and machinery and equipment are depreciated over periods not exceeding 45 years and 20
            years, respectively. Assets are evaluated for impairment when conditions indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Such
            conditions include significant adverse changes in business climate or a plan of disposal. Repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as
            incurred.
                 Goodwill and Intangible Assets — Goodwill and intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives are not amortized but rather are tested
            at least annually in the fourth quarter for impairment, or more often if events or changes in circumstances indicate that more likely than not
            the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable.
                 Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit represents an operating segment or a component of an
            operating segment. Goodwill is tested for impairment by either performing a qualitative evaluation or a quantitative test. The qualitative
            evaluation is an assessment of factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its
            carrying amount, including goodwill. We may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment for some or all reporting units and perform a
            quantitative impairment test. Fair value is determined based on discounted cash flow analyses. The discounted estimates of future cash flows
            include significant management assumptions such as revenue growth rates, operating margins, weighted average costs of capital and future
            economic and market conditions. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds fair value, goodwill is considered impaired. An
            impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds fair value, limited to the amount of
            goodwill in the reporting unit.
                Indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment by comparing the fair value of the asset to the carrying value. Fair value is
            determined using a relief from royalty valuation method based on discounted cash flow analyses that include



                                                                                  41




44 sur 90                                                                                                                                       4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




            significant management assumptions such as revenue growth rates, weighted average costs of capital and assumed royalty rates. If the
            carrying value exceeds fair value, an impairment charge will be recorded to reduce the asset to fair value.
                See Note 5 for more information.
                Leases — We determine if an agreement is or contains a lease at inception by evaluating if an identified asset exists that we control for a
            period of time. When a lease exists, we record a right-of-use (ROU) asset and a corresponding lease liability on our Consolidated Balance
            Sheet. ROU assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and the corresponding liabilities represent an obligation to
            make lease payments during the term. We have elected not to record leases with a term of 12 months or less on our Consolidated Balance
            Sheet.
                 ROU assets are recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheet at lease commencement based on the present value of the corresponding
            liabilities and are adjusted for any prepayments, lease incentives received, or initial direct costs incurred. To calculate the present value of our
            lease liabilities, we use a country-specific collateralized incremental borrowing rate based on the lease term at commencement. The
            measurement of our ROU assets and liabilities includes all fixed payments and any variable payments based on an index or rate.
                Our leases generally include options to extend or terminate use of the underlying assets. These options are included in the lease term
            used to determine ROU assets and corresponding liabilities when we are reasonably certain we will exercise.
                 Our lease arrangements typically include non-lease components, such as common area maintenance and labor. We account for each lease
            and any non-lease components associated with that lease as a single lease component for all underlying asset classes with the exception of
            certain production assets. Accordingly, all costs associated with a lease contract are disclosed as lease costs. This includes any variable
            payments that are not dependent on an index or a rate and which are expensed as incurred.
               Operating leases expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term with the expense recorded in Cost of products sold,
            Marketing and selling expenses, or Administrative expenses depending on the nature of the leased item.
                 For finance leases, the amortization of ROU lease assets is recognized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the estimated useful life
            of the underlying asset or the lease term in Cost of products sold, Marketing and selling expenses, or Administrative expenses depending on
            the nature of the leased item. Interest expense on finance lease obligations is recorded using the effective interest method over the lease term
            and is recorded in Interest expense.
                All operating lease cash payments and interest on finance leases are recorded within Net cash provided by operating activities and all
            finance lease principal payments are recorded within Net cash used in financing activities in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
                See Note 10 for more information.
                 Derivative Financial Instruments — We use derivative financial instruments primarily for purposes of hedging exposures to fluctuations
            in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, commodities and equity-linked employee benefit obligations. We enter into these derivative
            contracts for periods consistent with the related underlying exposures, and the contracts do not constitute positions independent of those
            exposures. We do not enter into derivative contracts for speculative purposes and do not use leveraged instruments. Our derivative programs
            include strategies that qualify and strategies that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment. To qualify for hedge accounting, the hedging
            relationship, both at inception of the hedge and on an ongoing basis, is expected to be highly effective in achieving offsetting changes in the
            fair value of the hedged risk during the period that the hedge is designated.
                 All derivatives are recognized on the balance sheet at fair value. For derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting, we designate the
            derivative as a hedge of the fair value of a recognized asset or liability or a firm commitment (fair-value hedge) or a hedge of a forecasted
            transaction or of the variability of cash flows to be received or paid related to a recognized asset or liability (cash-flow hedge). Some
            derivatives may also be considered natural hedging instruments (changes in fair value act as economic offsets to changes in fair value of the
            underlying hedged item) and are not designated for hedge accounting.
                 Changes in the fair value on the portion of the derivative included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness of a fair-value hedge, along
            with the gain or loss on the underlying hedged asset or liability (including losses or gains on firm commitments), are recorded in current-
            period earnings. Changes in the fair value on the portion of the derivative included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness of cash-flow
            hedges are recorded in other comprehensive income (loss), until earnings are affected by the variability of cash flows. For derivatives that are
            designated and qualify as hedging instruments, the initial fair value of hedge components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness is
            recognized in earnings under a systematic and rational method over the life of the hedging instrument and is presented in the same statement
            of earnings line item as the earnings effect of the hedged item. Any difference between the change in the fair value of the hedge components
            excluded from the assessment of effectiveness and the amounts recognized in earnings is recorded as a component of other comprehensive
            income (loss). Changes in the fair value of derivatives that are not designated for hedge accounting are recognized in current-period earnings.



                                                                                    42




45 sur 90                                                                                                                                            4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                           https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                Cash flows from derivative contracts are included in Net cash provided by operating activities.
                Advertising Production Costs — Advertising production costs are expensed in the period that the advertisement first takes place or when
            a decision is made not to use an advertisement.
                Research and Development Costs — The costs of research and development are expensed as incurred. Costs include expenditures for
            new product and manufacturing process innovation, and improvements to existing products and processes. Costs primarily consist of salaries,
            wages, consulting, and depreciation and maintenance of research facilities and equipment.
                 Income Taxes — Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future impact of differences between the financial statement
            carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, as well as for operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred
            tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
            differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in
            income in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely
            than not that a tax benefit will not be realized.
            2. Recent Accounting Pronouncements
                Recently Adopted
                In August 2018, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued guidance that eliminates, adds and modifies certain disclosure
            requirements for fair value measurements. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim periods
            within those years. We adopted the guidance in the first quarter of 2021. The adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated
            financial statements.
                In August 2018, the FASB issued guidance on accounting for implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement that is a
            service contract. The guidance aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a
            service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software. The
            guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. Entities have the option to apply the guidance prospectively to all
            implementation costs incurred after the date of adoption or retrospectively. Early adoption is permitted. We adopted the guidance on a
            prospective basis in the first quarter of 2021. The adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
                 In August 2018, the FASB issued guidance that changes the disclosure requirements related to defined benefit pension and
            postretirement plans. The guidance is effective for fiscal years ending after December 15, 2020. The guidance is to be applied on a
            retrospective basis. We adopted the guidance in 2021. The adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
                 In December 2019, the FASB issued guidance on simplifying the accounting for income taxes. The guidance removes certain exceptions
            to the general principles of accounting for income taxes and also improves consistent application of accounting by clarifying or amending
            existing guidance. We adopted the guidance in the first quarter of 2022. The adoption did not have an impact on our consolidated financial
            statements.
                Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted
                 In March 2020, the FASB issued guidance that provides optional expedients and exceptions for a limited period of time for accounting
            for contracts, hedging relationships and other transactions affected by the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) or another reference rate
            expected to be discontinued. Optional expedients can be applied from March 12, 2020, through December 31, 2022. The adoption is not
            expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
            3. Divestitures
            Discontinued Operations
                 We completed the sale of our Kelsen business on September 23, 2019, for $322 million. We also completed the sale of our Arnott’s
            business and certain other international operations, including the simple meals and shelf-stable beverages businesses in Australia and Asia
            Pacific (the Arnott's and other international operations), on December 23, 2019, for $2.286 billion. The purchase price was subject to certain
            post-closing adjustments, which resulted in $4 million of additional proceeds in the third quarter of 2020. Beginning in the fourth quarter of
            2019, we have reflected the results of operations of the Kelsen business and the Arnott’s and other international operations (collectively
            referred to as Campbell International) as discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings for all periods presented. These
            businesses were historically included in the Snacks reportable segment.



                                                                                  43




46 sur 90                                                                                                                                        4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                 Results of discontinued operations were as follows:
            (Millions)                                                                                                                           2020
            Net sales                                                                                                                      $            359

            Earnings before taxes from operations                                                                                          $            53
            Taxes on earnings from operations                                                                                                           17
            Gain on sales of businesses / costs associated with selling the businesses                                                               1,039
            Tax expense on sales / costs associated with selling the businesses                                                                         39
            Earnings from discontinued operations                                                                                          $         1,036

                 In addition, in the third quarter of 2021, we recognized a $6 million loss due to tax expense from return-to-provision adjustments related
            to the sale of Campbell International.
                The sale of the Arnott's and other international operations resulted in a substantial capital gain for tax purposes. We were able to utilize
            capital losses in 2020, which were offset with valuation allowances as of July 28, 2019, to offset the capital gain.
                Under the terms of the sale of the Arnott's and other international operations, we entered into a long-term licensing arrangement for the
            exclusive rights to certain Campbell brands in certain non-U.S. markets. We provided certain transition services to support the divested
            businesses.
                 The significant operating non-cash items, capital expenditures and sale proceeds of discontinued operations were as follows:
            (Millions)                                                                                                                           2020
            Cash flows from discontinued operating activities:
             Net gain on sales of discontinued operations businesses                                                                      $         (1,039)

            Cash flows from discontinued investing activities:
             Capital expenditures                                                                                                         $             30
             Sales of discontinued operations businesses, net of cash divested                                                                       2,466

            Other Divestitures
                 On October 11, 2019, we completed the sale of our European chips business for £63 million, or $77 million. The pre-tax loss recognized
            in the first quarter of 2020 on the sale was $64 million, which included the impact of allocated goodwill and foreign currency translation
            adjustments. For tax purposes, we were able to use the capital loss on this sale to offset a portion of the capital gain from the sale of the
            Arnott's and other international operations. The after-tax loss was $37 million. The European chips business had net sales of $25 million in
            2020. Earnings from the business were not material. The results of the European chips business through the date of sale were reflected in
            continuing operations within the Snacks reportable segment.
                 On May 3, 2021, we completed the sale of our Plum baby food and snacks business for $101 million. The purchase agreement contained
            customary representations, warranties, indemnifications and other obligations between us and the buyer. In addition, we have agreed to
            indemnify the buyer for certain claims against the Plum baby food and snacks business alleging the presence of heavy metals in the products
            manufactured or sold on or prior to May 2, 2021, that were pending at the time of closing of the transaction or are asserted within two years
            thereafter. We recognized a pre-tax loss of $11 million and an after-tax gain on the sale of $3 million. The business had net sales of
            $68 million in 2021 and $104 million in 2020. Earnings were not material in the periods. The results of the business through the date of sale
            were reflected in continuing operations within the Meals & Beverages reportable segment.



                                                                                   44




47 sur 90                                                                                                                                        4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




            4. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
                  The components of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) consisted of the following:
                                                                                                                            Pension and
                                                                                Foreign Currency                           Postretirement    Total Accumulated
                                                                                   Translation                              Benefit Plan      Comprehensive
            (Millions)                                                           Adjustments(1)     Cash-Flow Hedges(2)    Adjustments(3)      Income (Loss)
            Balance at July 28, 2019                                        $              (218) $                 (9) $                29   $           (198)
              Other comprehensive income (loss) before
              reclassifications                                                               (2)                   2                   —                  —
              Losses (gains) reclassified from accumulated other
              comprehensive income (loss)(4)                                                210                    —                   (22)               188
            Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss)                            208                     2                  (22)               188
            Balance at August 2, 2020                                       $               (10) $                 (7) $                 7 $              (10)
              Other comprehensive income (loss) before
              reclassifications                                                               16                   (4)                  —                  12
              Losses (gains) reclassified from accumulated other
              comprehensive income (loss)                                                     —                     7                   (4)                 3
            Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss)                              16                    3                   (4)                15
            Balance at August 1, 2021                                       $                  6    $              (4) $                 3 $                5
              Other comprehensive income (loss) before
              reclassifications                                                               (6)                  14                   —                   8
              Losses (gains) reclassified from accumulated other
              comprehensive income (loss)                                                     —                   (10)                  (1)               (11)
            Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss)                              (6)                   4                   (1)                (3)
            Balance at July 31, 2022                                        $                 — $                  — $                   2 $                2

            _____________________________________
            (1)
                Included no tax as of July 31, 2022, August 1, 2021, and August 2, 2020, and a tax expense of $4 million as of July 28, 2019.
            (2)
                Included no tax as of July 31, 2022, and a tax benefit of $1 million as of August 1, 2021 and August 2, 2020, and $2 million as of
                July 28, 2019.
            (3)
                Included a tax expense of $1 million as of July 31, 2022 and August 1, 2021, $2 million as of August 2, 2020, and $8 million as of
                July 28, 2019.
            (4)
                Reflects the reclassification from sale of businesses. See Note 3 for additional information.
                  Amounts related to noncontrolling interests were not material.




                                                                                     45




48 sur 90                                                                                                                                           4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                 The amounts reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) consisted of the following:
                                                                                                                              Location of Loss (Gain) Recognized in
            (Millions)                                                           2022            2021            2020                       Earnings
            Foreign currency translation adjustments:
             Currency translation losses (gains) realized upon disposal
             of businesses                                                $             —    $          —    $           23   Other expenses / (income)
             Currency translation losses (gains) realized upon disposal                                                       Earnings (loss) from
             of businesses                                                              —               —               183   discontinued operations
                                                         Total before tax               —               —               206
                                                   Tax expense (benefit)                —               —                 4
                                                  Loss (gain), net of tax $             —    $          —    $          210

            Losses (gains) on cash-flow hedges:
             Commodity contracts                                            $           (14) $          —    $          — Cost of products sold
             Foreign exchange forward contracts                                           1              6              (2) Cost of products sold
             Foreign exchange forward contracts                                          —               1              — Other expenses / (income)
                                                                                                                            Earnings (loss) from
              Foreign exchange forward contracts                                         —              —                1 discontinued operations
              Forward starting interest rate swaps                                        1              1               1 Interest expense
                                                           Total before tax             (12)             8              —
                                                     Tax expense (benefit)                2             (1)             —
                                                     Loss (gain), net of tax $          (10) $           7 $            —

            Pension and postretirement benefit adjustments:
             Prior service credit                                         $             (1) $           (5) $           (28) Other expenses / (income)
                                                  Tax expense (benefit)                 —                1                6
                                                  Loss (gain), net of tax $             (1) $           (4) $           (22)




                                                                                   46




49 sur 90                                                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




            5. Goodwill and Intangible Assets
            Goodwill
                  The following table shows the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill:

            (Millions)                                                                                  Meals & Beverages           Snacks                     Total
            Net balance at August 2, 2020                                                               $              975 $               3,011 $                 3,986
            Divestiture(1)                                                                                             (12)                   —                      (12)
            Foreign currency translation adjustment                                                                      7                    —                        7
            Net balance at August 1, 2021                                                               $              970 $               3,011 $                 3,981
            Amounts reclassified due to segment change(2)                                                               25                   (25)                     —
            Foreign currency translation adjustment                                                                     (2)                   —                       (2)
            Net balance at July 31, 2022                                                                $              993 $               2,986 $                 3,979

            _____________________________________
            (1)
                See Note 3 for additional information on the sale of the Plum baby and snack foods business.
            (2)
                See Note 6 for additional information.
            Intangible Assets
                  The following table summarizes balance sheet information for intangible assets, excluding goodwill:
                                                                                       2022                                                2021
                                                                                    Accumulated                                         Accumulated
            (Millions)                                             Cost             Amortization       Net             Cost             Amortization             Net
            Amortizable intangible assets
              Customer relationships                           $          830   $           (181) $          649   $          830   $          (140) $                 690
            Non-amortizable intangible assets
              Trademarks                                                                                2,549                                                      2,549
            Total net intangible assets                                                            $    3,198                                              $       3,239

                 Amortization of intangible assets in Earnings from continuing operations was $41 million for 2022, $42 million for 2021 and $43 million
            for 2020. As of July 31, 2022, amortizable intangible assets had a weighted-average remaining useful life of 16 years. Amortization expense
            for the next five years is estimated to be approximately $41 million per year.
                  The carrying values of indefinite-lived trademarks as of July 31, 2022 and August 1, 2021, are detailed below:
            (Millions)
            Snyder's of Hanover                                                                                                                        $             620
            Lance                                                                                                                                                    350
            Kettle Brand                                                                                                                                             318
            Pace                                                                                                                                                     292
            Pacific Foods                                                                                                                                            280
            Various other Snacks(1)                                                                                                                                  689
            Total                                                                                                                                      $           2,549

            _____________________________________
            (1)
                Associated with the acquisition of Snyder's-Lance, Inc. (Snyder's-Lance).
                As of the 2022 impairment testing, indefinite-lived trademarks with 10% or less of excess coverage of fair value over carrying value had
            an aggregate carrying value of $434 million and included Pacific Foods and certain other Snacks trademarks.
                The estimates of future cash flows used in determining the fair value of goodwill and intangible assets involve significant management
            judgment and are based upon assumptions about expected future operating performance, economic conditions, market conditions and cost of
            capital. Inherent in estimating the future cash flows are uncertainties beyond our control, such as changes in capital markets. The actual cash
            flows could differ materially from management’s estimates due to changes in business conditions, operating performance and economic
            conditions.



                                                                                       47




50 sur 90                                                                                                                                                      4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




            6. Segment Information
                 Our reportable segments are as follows:
                 •       Meals & Beverages, which consists of our soup, simple meals and beverages products in retail and foodservice in the U.S. and
                         Canada. The segment includes the following products: Campbell’s condensed and ready-to-serve soups; Swanson broth and stocks;
                         Pacific Foods broth, soups and non-dairy beverages; Prego pasta sauces; Pace Mexican sauces; Campbell’s gravies, pasta, beans
                         and dinner sauces; Swanson canned poultry; V8 juices and beverages; and Campbell’s tomato juice. The segment also includes
                         snacking products in foodservice and Canada. The segment included the results of our Plum baby food and snacks business, which
                         was sold on May 3, 2021; and
                 •       Snacks, which consists of Pepperidge Farm cookies*, crackers, fresh bakery and frozen products, including Goldfish crackers*,
                         Snyder’s of Hanover pretzels*, Lance sandwich crackers*, Cape Cod potato chips*, Kettle Brand potato chips*, Late July snacks*,
                         Snack Factory pretzel crisps*, Pop Secret popcorn, Emerald nuts, and other snacking products in retail in the U.S. Beginning in
                         2022, we refer to the * brands as our "power brands." The segment includes the retail business in Latin America. The segment also
                         included the results of our European chips business, which was sold on October 11, 2019.
               Beginning in 2022, the foodservice and Canadian business formerly included in our Snacks segment is now managed as part of the
            Meals & Beverages segment. Segment results have been adjusted retrospectively to reflect this change.
                 We evaluate segment performance before interest, taxes and costs associated with restructuring activities and impairment charges.
            Unrealized gains and losses on outstanding undesignated commodity hedging activities are excluded from segment operating earnings and
            are recorded in Corporate as these open positions represent hedges of future purchases. Upon closing of the contracts, the realized gain or
            loss is transferred to segment operating earnings, which allows the segments to reflect the economic effects of the hedge without exposure to
            quarterly volatility of unrealized gains and losses. Only the service cost component of pension and postretirement expense is allocated to
            segments. All other components of expense, including interest cost, expected return on assets, amortization of prior service credits and
            recognized actuarial gains and losses are reflected in Corporate and not included in segment operating results. Asset information by segment
            is not discretely maintained for internal reporting or used in evaluating performance.
                Our largest customer, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and its affiliates, accounted for approximately 22% of consolidated net sales from continuing
            operations in 2022, and 21% in 2021 and 2020. Both of our reportable segments sold products to Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. or its affiliates.
            (Millions)                                                                                      2022              2021              2020
            Net sales
             Meals & Beverages                                                                        $        4,607      $      4,621      $      4,747
             Snacks                                                                                            3,955             3,855             3,944
            Total                                                                                     $        8,562      $      8,476      $      8,691

            (Millions)                                                                                      2022              2021              2020
            Earnings before interest and taxes
             Meals & Beverages                                                                        $              874 $             922 $           1,009
             Snacks                                                                                                  517               514               525
             Corporate income (expense)(1)                                                                          (223)              130              (418)
             Restructuring charges(2)                                                                                 (5)              (21)               (9)
            Total                                                                                     $            1,163 $           1,545 $           1,107

            (Millions)                                                                                      2022              2021              2020
            Depreciation and amortization
             Meals & Beverages                                                                        $             131   $           128   $           134
             Snacks                                                                                                 185               169               175
             Corporate(3)                                                                                            21                20                19
            Total                                                                                     $             337   $           317   $           328



                                                                                   48




51 sur 90                                                                                                                                       4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




            (Millions)                                                                                         2022              2021             2020
            Capital expenditures
             Meals & Beverages                                                                           $             76   $            61   $           52
             Snacks                                                                                                   120               153              153
             Corporate(3)                                                                                              46                61               64
             Discontinued operations                                                                                   —                 —                30
            Total                                                                                        $            242   $           275   $          299

            _______________________________________
            (1)
                Represents unallocated items. Pension and postretirement actuarial gains and losses are included in Corporate. There were actuarial
                losses of $44 million in 2022, gains of $203 million in 2021, and losses of $164 million in 2020, respectively. Costs related to the cost
                savings initiatives were $26 million, $32 million and $60 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Unrealized mark-to-market
                adjustments on outstanding undesignated commodity hedges were losses of $59 million in 2022, gains of $50 million in 2021, and gains
                of $2 million in 2020, respectively. A loss of $11 million on the sale of the Plum baby food and snacks business was included in 2021. A
                loss of $64 million on the sale of our European chips business was included in 2020. A loss of $45 million on Acre Venture Partners, L.P.
                (Acre) was included in 2020. See Note 14 for additional information on Acre.
            (2)
                See Note 7 for additional information.
            (3)
                Represents primarily corporate offices and enterprise-wide information technology systems.
                   Our net sales based on product categories are as follows:
            (Millions)                                                                                        2022               2021             2020
            Net sales
             Soup                                                                                       $         2,615     $        2,568    $      2,653
             Snacks                                                                                               4,103              3,989           4,099
             Other simple meals                                                                                   1,091              1,134           1,184
             Beverages                                                                                              753                785             755
            Total                                                                                       $         8,562     $        8,476    $      8,691

               Soup includes various soup, broths and stock products. Snacks include cookies, pretzels, crackers, popcorn, nuts, potato chips, tortilla
            chips and other salty snacks and baked products. Other simple meals include sauces, gravies, pasta, beans, canned poultry and Plum products
            through May 3, 2021, when the business was sold. Beverages include V8 juices and beverages, Campbell's tomato juice and Pacific Foods
            non-dairy beverages.
                  We are a North American focused company with over 90% of our net sales and long-lived assets related to our U.S. operations.

            7. Restructuring Charges and Cost Savings Initiatives
            Multi-year Cost Savings Initiatives and Snyder's-Lance Cost Transformation Program and Integration
                    Beginning in fiscal 2015, we implemented initiatives to reduce costs and to streamline our organizational structure.
                Over the years, we expanded these initiatives by continuing to optimize our supply chain and manufacturing networks, including closing
            our manufacturing facility in Toronto, Ontario, as well as our information technology infrastructure.
                 On March 26, 2018, we completed the acquisition of Snyder's-Lance. Prior to the acquisition, Snyder's-Lance launched a cost
            transformation program following a comprehensive review of its operations with the goal of significantly improving its financial
            performance. We continued to implement this program and identified opportunities for additional cost synergies as we integrated Snyder's-
            Lance.



                                                                                     49




52 sur 90                                                                                                                                         4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                In 2022, we expanded these initiatives as we continue to pursue cost savings by further optimizing our supply chain and manufacturing
            network and through effective cost management. Cost estimates for these expanded initiatives, as well as timing for certain activities, are
            continuing to be developed.
                 A summary of the pre-tax charges recorded in Earnings from continuing operations related to these initiatives is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                     Recognized as of
            (Millions)                                                                      2022                  2021              2020              July 31, 2022
            Restructuring charges                                                $                  5    $               21   $              9   $                 264
            Administrative expenses                                                                20                    28                 48                     359
            Cost of products sold                                                                   5                     3                  9                      84
            Marketing and selling expenses                                                          1                     1                  2                      14
            Research and development expenses                                                      —                     —                   1                       4
            Total pre-tax charges                                                $                 31    $               53   $             69   $                 725

                 A summary of the pre-tax costs in Earnings from continuing operations associated with the initiatives is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                     Recognized as of
            (Millions)                                                                                                                                July 31, 2022
            Severance pay and benefits                                                                                                           $                 227
            Asset impairment/accelerated depreciation                                                                                                               82
            Implementation costs and other related costs                                                                                                           416
            Total                                                                                                                                $                 725

                 The total estimated pre-tax costs for actions associated with continuing operations that have been identified are approximately $735
            million to $740 million and we expect to incur the costs through 2023. These estimates will be updated as the expanded initiatives are
            developed.
                We expect the costs for actions associated with continuing operations that have been identified to date to consist of the following:
            approximately $230 million in severance pay and benefits; approximately $85 million in asset impairment and accelerated depreciation; and
            approximately $420 million to $425 million in implementation costs and other related costs. We expect these pre-tax costs to be associated
            with our segments as follows: Meals & Beverages - approximately 31%; Snacks - approximately 44%; and Corporate - approximately 25%.
                 Of the aggregate $735 million to $740 million of pre-tax costs associated with continuing operations identified to date, we expect
            approximately $635 million to $640 million will be cash expenditures. In addition, we expect to invest approximately $445 million in capital
            expenditures through 2023, of which we invested $440 million as of July 31, 2022. The capital expenditures primarily relate to a U.S.
            warehouse optimization project, improvement of quality, safety and cost structure across the Snyder’s-Lance manufacturing network,
            implementation of our existing SAP enterprise-resource planning system for Snyder's-Lance, transition of production of the Toronto
            manufacturing facility to our U.S. thermal plants, optimization of information technology infrastructure and applications and optimization of
            the Snyder’s-Lance warehouse and distribution network.
                 A summary of the restructuring activity and related reserves associated with continuing operations at July 31, 2022, is as follows:
                                                                                               Implementation              Asset            Other Non-
                                                                          Severance Pay        Costs and Other     Impairment/Accelerated   Cash Exit           Total
            (Millions)                                                     and Benefits        Related Costs(3)         Depreciation         Costs(4)          Charges
            Accrued balance at August 2, 2020(1)                          $           15
              2021 charges                                                             6                     27                      15               5    $        53
              2021 cash payments                                                     (14)
            Accrued balance at August 1, 2021(2)                          $            7
              2022 charges                                                             5                     26                      —               —     $        31
              2022 cash payments                                                      (5)
            Accrued balance at July 31, 2022                              $            7

            _______________________________________
            (1)
                Includes $3 million of severance pay and benefits recorded in Other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
            (2)
                Includes $1 million of severance pay and benefits recorded in Other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.


                                                                                     50




53 sur 90                                                                                                                                                      4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                           https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




            (3)
                  Includes other costs recognized as incurred that are not reflected in the restructuring reserve in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The
                  costs are included in Administrative expenses, Cost of products sold and Marketing and selling expenses in the Consolidated Statements
                  of Earnings.
            (4)
                  Includes non-cash costs that are not reflected in the restructuring reserve in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
                Segment operating results do not include restructuring charges, implementation costs and other related costs because we evaluate
            segment performance excluding such charges. A summary of the pre-tax costs in Earnings from continuing operations associated with
            segments is as follows:
                                                                                                                                           Costs Incurred to
            (Millions)                                                                                                   2022                    Date
            Meals & Beverages                                                                                    $                2    $                 225
            Snacks                                                                                                               22                      321
            Corporate                                                                                                             7                      179
            Total                                                                                                $               31    $                 725

                In addition, in the second quarter of 2021, we recorded a $19 million deferred tax charge in connection with a legal entity reorganization
            as part of the continued integration of Snyder's-Lance.
            8. Earnings per Share (EPS)
                 For the periods presented in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings, the calculations of basic EPS and EPS assuming dilution vary in
            that the weighted average shares outstanding assuming dilution include the incremental effect of stock options and other share-based payment
            awards, except when such effect would be antidilutive. The earnings per share calculation for 2022, 2021 and 2020 excludes approximately 1
            million stock options that would have been antidilutive.
            9. Pension and Postretirement Benefits
                 Pension Benefits — We sponsor a number of noncontributory defined benefit pension plans to provide retirement benefits to eligible U.S.
            and non-U.S. employees. The benefits provided under these plans are based primarily on years of service and compensation levels. Benefits
            are paid from funds previously provided to trustees or are paid directly by us from general funds. In 1999, we implemented significant
            amendments to certain U.S. pension plans. Under a new formula, retirement benefits are determined based on percentages of annual pay and
            age. To minimize the impact of converting to the new formula, service and earnings credit continued to accrue for fifteen years for certain
            active employees participating in the plans under the old formula prior to the amendments. Employees will receive the benefit from either the
            new or old formula, whichever is higher. Effective as of January 1, 2011, our U.S. pension plans were amended so that employees hired or
            rehired on or after that date and who are not covered by collective bargaining agreements will not be eligible to participate in the plans. All
            collective bargaining units adopted this amendment by December 31, 2011.
                 Postretirement Benefits — We provide postretirement benefits, including health care and life insurance to eligible retired U.S. employees,
            and where applicable, their dependents. Accordingly, we sponsor a retiree medical program for eligible retired U.S. employees and fund
            applicable retiree medical accounts intended to provide reimbursement for eligible health care expenses on a tax-favored basis for retirees
            who satisfy certain eligibility requirements. Effective as of January 1, 2019, we no longer sponsor our own retiree medical coverage for
            substantially all retired U.S. employees that are Medicare eligible. Instead, we offer these Medicare-eligible retirees access to health care
            coverage through a private exchange and offer a health reimbursement account to subsidize benefits for a select group of such retirees. We
            also provide postretirement life insurance to all eligible U.S. employees who retired prior to January 1, 2018, as well as certain eligible
            retired employees covered by one of our collective bargaining agreements.
                 Determining net periodic benefit expense (income) is dependent on various actuarial assumptions, including discount rates, expected
            return on plan assets, compensation increases, turnover rates and health care trend rates. Actuarial gains and losses are recognized
            immediately in Other expenses / (income) in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings as of the measurement date, which is our fiscal year
            end, or more frequently if an interim remeasurement is required. We use the fair value of plan assets to calculate the expected return on plan
            assets.



                                                                                  51




54 sur 90                                                                                                                                          4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




              Components of net periodic benefit expense (income) were as follows:
                                                                                                                                 Pension
            (Millions)                                                                                        2022                2021                      2020
            Service cost                                                                               $               16 $               18 $                       19
            Interest cost                                                                                              49                 41                         65
            Expected return on plan assets                                                                           (118)              (122)                      (134)
            Amortization of prior service cost                                                                         —                  —                          —
            Actuarial losses (gains)                                                                                   80               (197)                       141
            Net periodic benefit expense (income)                                                      $               27 $             (260) $                      91

                 The components of net periodic benefit expense (income) other than the service cost component associated with continuing operations
            are included in Other expenses / (income) in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                The actuarial losses recognized in 2022 were primarily due to losses on plan assets, partially offset by increases in discount rates used to
            determine the benefit obligation. The actuarial gains recognized in 2021 were primarily due to higher than anticipated investment gains on
            plan assets and increases in discount rates used to determine the benefit obligation. The actuarial losses recognized in 2020 were primarily
            due to decreases in discount rates used to determine the benefit obligation, partially offset by higher than anticipated investment gains on plan
            assets.
                 Net periodic benefit expense (income) associated with discontinued operations was not material in 2020.
                                                                                                                               Postretirement
            (Millions)                                                                                        2022                  2021                    2020
            Service cost                                                                                $              — $                  — $                       1
            Interest cost                                                                                               3                    4                        6
            Amortization of prior service credit                                                                       (1)                  (5)                     (28)
            Actuarial losses (gains)                                                                                  (36)                  (6)                      23
            Net periodic benefit expense (income)                                                       $             (34) $                (7) $                     2

                 The components of net periodic benefit expense (income) other than the service cost component associated with continuing operations
            are included in Other expenses / (income) in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                The actuarial gains recognized in 2022 and 2021 were primarily due to increases in discount rates used to determine the benefit
            obligation. The actuarial losses recognized in 2020 were primarily due to decreases in discount rates used to determine the benefit obligation.
            Change in benefit obligation:
                                                                                                    Pension                                Postretirement
            (Millions)                                                                       2022              2021                 2022                    2021
            Obligation at beginning of year                                             $       2,186 $              2,366 $               222 $                   244
            Service cost                                                                           16                   18                  —                       —
            Interest cost                                                                          49                   41                   3                       4
            Actuarial loss (gain)                                                                (310)                 (43)                (36)                     (6)
            Benefits paid                                                                        (106)                (152)                (17)                    (20)
            Settlements                                                                           (89)                 (53)                 —                       —
            Other                                                                                  (6)                  (2)                 —                       —
            Foreign currency adjustment                                                            (3)                  11                  —                       —
            Benefit obligation at end of year                                           $       1,737 $              2,186 $               172 $                   222




                                                                                   52




55 sur 90                                                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




              Change in the fair value of pension plan assets:
            (Millions)                                                                                                            2022                     2021
            Fair value at beginning of year                                                                                 $           2,220 $                 2,120
            Actual return on plan assets                                                                                                 (272)                    276
            Employer contributions                                                                                                         —                        2
            Benefits paid                                                                                                                 (92)                   (138)
            Settlements                                                                                                                   (89)                    (53)
            Foreign currency adjustment                                                                                                    (4)                     13
            Fair value at end of year                                                                                       $           1,763 $                 2,220

              Net amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets:
                                                                                                   Pension                                Postretirement
            (Millions)                                                                     2022                2021               2022                     2021
            Other assets                                                            $             146   $             190   $               — $                     —
            Accrued liabilities                                                                    13                  14                   19                      23
            Other liabilities                                                                     107                 142                  153                     199
            Net amounts recognized asset / (liability)                              $              26   $              34   $             (172) $                 (222)

                 Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) consist of:
                                                                                                   Pension                                Postretirement
            (Millions)                                                                    2022                2021                2022                     2021
            Prior service credit (cost)                                            $              (1) $               (1) $                  4    $                  5

               The change in amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) associated with postretirement benefits was due to
            amortization in 2022 and 2021.
                The following table provides information for pension plans with projected benefit obligations in excess of plan assets and accumulated
            benefit obligations in excess of plan assets:
            (Millions)                                                                                                            2022                     2021
            Projected benefit obligation                                                                                    $             120     $               156
            Accumulated benefit obligation                                                                                  $             118     $               154
            Fair value of plan assets                                                                                       $              —      $                —

                 The accumulated benefit obligation for all pension plans was $1.716 billion at July 31, 2022, and $2.159 billion at August 1, 2021.
              Weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations at the end of the year:
                                                                                                  Pension                               Postretirement
                                                                                          2022                2021               2022                    2021
            Discount rate                                                                4.58%               2.69%              4.48%           2.37%
            Rate of compensation increase                                                3.23%               3.23%              3.25%           3.25%
            Interest crediting rate                                                      4.00%               4.00%                  Not applicable

              Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost for the years ended:
                                                                                                                                Pension
                                                                                                              2022               2021                    2020
            Discount rate                                                                                    3.13%              2.47%                 3.46%
            Expected return on plan assets                                                                   5.82%              6.01%                 6.85%
            Rate of compensation increase                                                                    3.23%              3.23%                 3.20%
            Interest crediting rate                                                                          4.00%              4.00%                 4.00%



                                                                                  53




56 sur 90                                                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                 The discount rate is established as of the measurement date. In establishing the discount rate, we review published market indices of
            high-quality debt securities, adjusted as appropriate for duration. In addition, independent actuaries apply high-quality bond yield curves to
            the expected benefit payments of the plans. The expected return on plan assets is a long-term assumption based upon historical experience
            and expected future performance, considering our current and projected investment mix. This estimate is based on an estimate of future
            inflation, long-term projected real returns for each asset class and a premium for active management.
                The discount rate used to determine net periodic postretirement expense was 2.37% in 2022, 2.15% in 2021, and 3.28% in 2020.
              Assumed health care cost trend rates at the end of the year:
                                                                                                                                 2022             2021
            Health care cost trend rate assumed for next year                                                                  6.50%             6.25%
            Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline (ultimate trend rate)                                      5.00%             4.50%
            Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate                                                                  2027              2025

              Pension Plan Assets
                 The fundamental goal underlying the investment policy is to ensure that the assets of the plans are invested in a prudent manner to meet
            the obligations of the plans as these obligations come due. The primary investment objectives include providing a total return which will
            promote the goal of benefit security by attaining an appropriate ratio of plan assets to plan obligations, to provide for real asset growth while
            also tracking plan obligations, to diversify investments across and within asset classes, to reduce the impact of losses in single investments,
            and to follow investment practices that comply with applicable laws and regulations.
                The primary policy objectives will be met by investing assets to achieve a reasonable tradeoff between return and risk relative to plan
            obligations. This includes investing a portion of the assets in funds selected in part to hedge the interest rate sensitivity to plan obligations.
                The portfolio includes investments in the following asset classes: fixed income, equity, real estate and alternatives. Fixed income will
            provide a moderate expected return and partially hedge the exposure to interest rate risk of the plans’ obligations. Equities are used for their
            high expected return. Additional asset classes are used to provide diversification.
                 Asset allocation is monitored on an ongoing basis relative to the established asset class targets. The interaction between plan assets and
            benefit obligations is periodically studied to assist in the establishment of strategic asset allocation targets. The investment policy permits
            variances from the targets within certain parameters. Asset rebalancing occurs when the underlying asset class allocations move outside these
            parameters, at which time the asset allocation is rebalanced back to the policy target weight.
                Our year-end pension plan weighted-average asset allocations by category were:
                                                                                                         Strategic Target        2022             2021
            Equity securities                                                                                 33%                34%              36%
            Debt securities                                                                                   60%                59%              57%
            Real estate and other                                                                             7%                 7%                7%
            Total                                                                                            100%               100%             100%

                Pension plan assets are categorized based on the following fair value hierarchy:
                •    Level 1: Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.
                •    Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability through corroboration with
                     observable market data.
                •    Level 3: Unobservable inputs, which are valued based on our estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing
                     the asset or liability.



                                                                                    54




57 sur 90                                                                                                                                          4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                 The following table presents our pension plan assets by asset category at July 31, 2022, and August 1, 2021:
                                                                             Fair Value Measurements at                              Fair Value Measurements at
                                                         Fair Value                July 31, 2022 Using           Fair Value               August 1, 2021 Using
                                                            as of                 Fair Value Hierarchy
                                                                                                                    as of
                                                                                                                                          Fair Value Hierarchy
                                                          July 31,                                               August 1,
            (Millions)                                     2022           Level 1        Level 2       Level 3     2021           Level 1        Level 2       Level 3
              Short-term investments                     $      33    $        27    $         6    $       —    $      43    $        41    $         2    $       —
              Equities:
                U.S.                                           78              75              3            —         106             100              6            —
                Non-U.S.                                      162             162             —             —         234             233              1            —
              Corporate bonds:
                U.S.                                          571              —            571             —         723              —            723             —
                Non-U.S.                                      119              —            119             —         138              —            138             —
              Government and agency bonds:
                U.S.                                          224              —            224             —         198              —            198             —
                Non-U.S.                                       20              —             20             —          33              —             33             —
              Municipal bonds                                  19              —             19             —          29              —             29             —
              Mortgage and asset backed securities             15              —             15             —          10              —             10             —
              Real estate                                       4               2            —               2          5               2            —               3
              Hedge funds                                      11              —             —              11         30              —             —              30
              Derivative assets                                10              —             10             —           6              —              6             —
              Derivative liabilities                           (5)             —             (5)            —          (3)             —             (3)            —
              Total assets at fair value                 $   1,261    $       266    $      982 $           13   $   1,552    $       376    $    1,143 $           33
              Investments measured at net asset value:
               Short-term investments                    $     27                                                $     26
              Commingled equity funds                         307                                                     438
              Commingled fixed income funds                    87                                                     117
               Real estate                                     99                                                      87
               Hedge funds                                     14                                                      34
              Total investments measured at net asset
                value:                                   $     534                                               $     702
              Other items to reconcile to fair value           (32)                                                    (34)
              Total pension plan assets at fair value    $   1,763                                               $   2,220

                Short-term investments — Investments include cash and cash equivalents, and various short-term debt instruments and short-term
            investment funds. Institutional short-term investment vehicles valued daily are classified as Level 1 at cost which approximates market value.
            Short-term debt instruments are classified at Level 2 and are valued based on bid quotations and recent trade data for identical or similar
            obligations. Other investments valued based upon net asset value are included as a reconciling item to the fair value table.
               Equities — Generally common stocks and preferred stocks are classified as Level 1 and are valued using quoted market prices in active
            markets.
                 Corporate bonds — These investments are valued based on quoted market prices, yield curves and pricing models using current market
            rates.
                Government and agency bonds — These investments are generally valued based on bid quotations and recent trade data for identical or
            similar obligations.
                 Municipal bonds — These investments are valued based on quoted market prices, yield curves and pricing models using current market
            rates.
                 Mortgage and asset backed securities — These investments are valued based on prices obtained from third party pricing sources. The
            prices from third party pricing sources may be based on bid quotes from dealers and recent trade data. Mortgage backed securities are traded
            in the over-the-counter market.



                                                                                       55




58 sur 90                                                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                           https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                 Real estate — Real estate investments consist of real estate investment trusts, property funds and limited partnerships. Real estate
            investment trusts are classified as Level 1 and are valued based on quoted market prices. Property funds are classified as either Level 2 or
            Level 3 depending upon whether liquidity is limited or there are few observable market participant transactions. Property funds are valued
            based on third party appraisals. Limited partnerships are valued based upon valuations provided by the general partners of the funds. The
            values of limited partnerships are based upon an assessment of each underlying investment, incorporating valuations that consider the
            evaluation of financing and sales transactions with third parties, expected cash flows and market-based information, including comparable
            transactions and performance multiples among other factors. The investments are classified as Level 3 since the valuation is determined using
            unobservable inputs. Real estate investments valued at net asset value are included as a reconciling item to the fair value table.
                Hedge funds — Hedge fund investments include hedge funds valued based upon a net asset value derived from the fair value of
            underlying securities. Hedge fund investments that are subject to liquidity restrictions or that are based on unobservable inputs are classified
            as Level 3. Hedge fund investments may include long and short positions in equity and fixed income securities, derivative instruments such
            as futures and options, commodities and other types of securities. Hedge fund investments valued at net asset value are included as a
            reconciling item to the fair value table.
                 Derivatives — Derivative financial instruments include forward currency contracts, futures contracts, options contracts, interest rate
            swaps and credit default swaps. Derivative financial instruments are classified as Level 2 and are valued based on observable market
            transactions or prices.
                Commingled funds — Investments in commingled funds are not traded in active markets. Commingled funds are valued based on the net
            asset values of such funds and are included as a reconciling item to the fair value table.
                Other items to reconcile to fair value of plan assets included amounts due for securities sold, amounts payable for securities purchased
            and other payables.
                 The following table summarizes the changes in fair value of Level 3 investments for the years ended July 31, 2022, and August 1, 2021:
            (Millions)                                                                                   Real Estate            Hedge Funds            Total
            Fair value at August 1, 2021                                                             $                  3 $               30 $                  33
            Actual return on plan assets                                                                               —                   1                     1
            Purchases, sales and settlements, net                                                                      (1)               (20)                  (21)
            Transfers out of Level 3                                                                                   —                  —                     —
            Fair value at July 31, 2022                                                              $                  2 $               11 $                  13

            (Millions)                                                                                   Real Estate            Hedge Funds            Total
            Fair value at August 2, 2020                                                             $                  3   $               31 $               34
            Actual return on plan assets                                                                               —                     2                  2
            Purchases, sales and settlements, net                                                                      —                    (3)                (3)
            Transfers out of Level 3                                                                                   —                    —                  —
            Fair value at August 1, 2021                                                             $                  3   $               30 $               33



                 Estimated future benefit payments are as follows:
            (Millions)                                                                                                            Pension          Postretirement
            2023                                                                                                            $            168   $                20
            2024                                                                                                            $            155   $                18
            2025                                                                                                            $            147   $                17
            2026                                                                                                            $            142   $                15
            2027                                                                                                            $            138   $                15
            2028-2032                                                                                                       $            619   $                62

                 The estimated future benefit payments include payments from funded and unfunded plans.
                 We do not expect contributions to pension plans to be material in 2023.
                Defined Contribution Plans — We sponsor a 401(k) Retirement Plan that covers substantially all U.S. employees and provide a matching
            contribution of 100% of employee contributions up to 4% of eligible compensation. In addition, for



                                                                                  56




59 sur 90                                                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                           https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




            employees not eligible to participate in defined benefit plans that we sponsor, we provide a contribution equal to 3% of eligible compensation
            regardless of their participation in the 401(k) Retirement Plan. Through December 31, 2019, all Snyder's-Lance U.S. employees were eligible
            to participate in a 401(k) retirement plan sponsored by Snyder's-Lance that provided participants with matching contributions equal to 100%
            of the first 4% and 50% of the next 1% of eligible compensation. As of January 1, 2020, Snyder's-Lance employees were transitioned to the
            401(k) Retirement Plan and receive the same contributions under the 401(k) Retirement Plan noted above. Amounts charged to Costs and
            expenses of continuing operations were $69 million in 2022, $64 million in 2021 and $62 million in 2020.
            10. Leases
                We lease warehouse and distribution facilities, office space, manufacturing facilities, equipment and vehicles, primarily through
            operating leases.
                  Leases recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheet have remaining terms primarily from 1 to 13 years.
                Our fleet leases generally include residual value guarantees that are assessed at lease inception in determining ROU assets and
            corresponding liabilities. No other significant restrictions or covenants are included in our leases.
                  The components of lease costs were as follows:
            (Millions)                                                                                        2022                2021               2020
            Operating lease cost                                                                        $             79     $             80 $              81
            Finance lease - amortization of ROU assets                                                                17                    6                 2
            Short-term lease cost                                                                                     56                   48                39
            Variable lease cost(1)                                                                                   202                  201               172
            Sublease income                                                                                           —                    (2)               (3)
            Total(2)                                                                                    $            354     $            333 $             291
                  __________________________________________
            (1)
                  Includes labor and other overhead included in our service contracts with embedded leases.
            (2)
                  Total lease cost in 2020 included $4 million related to discontinued operations.


                  The following table summarizes the lease amounts recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets:
                                                                                                                  Operating Leases
            (Millions)                                                                 Balance Sheet Classification                2022              2021
            ROU assets, net                                                    Other assets                                  $            239   $           235
            Lease liabilities (current)                                        Accrued liabilities                           $             62   $            54
            Lease liabilities (noncurrent)                                     Other liabilities                             $            177   $           180

                                                                                                                  Financing Leases
            (Millions)                                                                 Balance Sheet Classification                2022              2021
            ROU assets, net                                                    Plant assets, net of depreciation             $             28   $               29
            Lease liabilities (current)                                        Short-term borrowings                         $             14   $               11
            Lease liabilities (noncurrent)                                     Long-term debt                                $             16   $               19



                  Weighted-average lease terms and discount rates were as follows:
                                                                                                       July 31, 2022                      August 1, 2021
                                                                                                Operating          Finance          Operating         Finance
            Weighted-average remaining term in years                                                  5.7              2.4                 6.4           3.1
            Weighted-average discount rate                                                           2.2 %            0.8 %               2.3 %         0.8 %



                                                                                  57




60 sur 90                                                                                                                                            4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                          https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                 Future minimum lease payments are as follows:
                                                                                                                                     July 31, 2022
            (Millions)                                                                                                        Operating          Finance
            2023                                                                                                          $              66       $             14
            2024                                                                                                                         53                     10
            2025                                                                                                                         40                      3
            2026                                                                                                                         27                      3
            2027                                                                                                                         22                     —
            Thereafter                                                                                                                   49                     —
            Total future undiscounted lease payments                                                                                    257                     30
             Less imputed interest                                                                                                       18                     —
            Total reported lease liability                                                                                $             239       $             30

                 The following table summarizes cash flow and other information related to leases:
            (Millions)                                                                                                         2022                    2021
            Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities:
             Operating cash flows from operating leases                                                               $                 78    $                 79
             Financing cash flows from finance leases                                                                 $                 17    $                  5

            ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations:
             Operating leases                                                                                         $                 79    $                 59
             Finance leases                                                                                           $                 16    $                 25


            11. Taxes on Earnings
            The provision for income taxes on earnings from continuing operations consists of the following:
            (Millions)                                                                                   2022                 2021                    2020
            Income taxes:
              Currently payable:
              Federal                                                                                $          160   $               151     $               152
              State                                                                                              22                    34                      26
              Non-U.S.                                                                                           15                     6                       3
                                                                                                                197                   191                     181
              Deferred:
              Federal                                                                                            29                   102                     (12)
              State                                                                                              (6)                   33                       4
              Non-U.S.                                                                                           (2)                    2                       1
                                                                                                                 21                   137                      (7)
                                                                                                     $          218 $                 328     $               174



            (Millions)                                                                                   2022                 2021                    2020
            Earnings from continuing operations before income taxes:
            United States                                                                            $          948   $              1,308    $               737
            Non-U.S.                                                                                             27                     28                     29
                                                                                                     $          975   $              1,336    $               766



                                                                                 58




61 sur 90                                                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                 The following is a reconciliation of the effective income tax rate on continuing operations to the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate:
                                                                                                                2022              2021             2020
            Federal statutory income tax rate                                                                      21.0 %             21.0 %          21.0 %
            State income taxes (net of federal tax benefit)                                                         2.2                2.8             3.4
            Tax effect of international items                                                                       0.7                0.2            (0.3)
            State income tax law changes                                                                           (1.0)               0.3             0.1
            Divestiture impact on deferred taxes                                                                     —                (0.9)             —
            Legal entity reorganization                                                                              —                 1.4              —
            Capital loss on the sale of the Plum baby food and snacks business                                       —                (1.3)             —
            Capital loss valuation allowance on the sale of the Plum baby food and snacks business                   —                 1.3              —
            Benefit on sale of the European chips business                                                           —                  —             (1.3)
            Other                                                                                                  (0.5)              (0.2)           (0.2)
            Effective income tax rate                                                                              22.4 %             24.6 %          22.7 %

                 In the second quarter of 2021, we recorded a $19 million deferred tax charge in connection with a legal entity reorganization as part of
            the continued integration of Snyder's-Lance.
                 Deferred tax liabilities and assets are comprised of the following:
            (Millions)                                                                                                         2022               2021
            Depreciation                                                                                                 $           354 $              352
            Amortization                                                                                                             870                869
            Operating lease ROU assets                                                                                                54                 53
            Pension                                                                                                                   35                 45
            Other                                                                                                                      9                  9
             Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                              1,322              1,328
            Benefits and compensation                                                                                                119                127
            Pension benefits                                                                                                          28                 38
            Tax loss carryforwards                                                                                                    13                 24
            Capital loss carryforwards                                                                                               115                117
            Operating lease liabilities                                                                                               54                 53
            Other                                                                                                                     52                 61
             Gross deferred tax assets                                                                                               381                420
            Deferred tax asset valuation allowance                                                                                  (131)              (142)
             Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance                                                                         250                278
            Net deferred tax liability                                                                                   $         1,072 $            1,050

                At July 31, 2022, our U.S. and non-U.S. subsidiaries had tax loss carryforwards of approximately $259 million. Of these carryforwards,
            $4 million may be carried forward indefinitely, and $255 million expire between 2023 and 2037, with the majority expiring after 2028. At
            July 31, 2022, deferred tax asset valuation allowances have been established to offset $78 million of these tax loss carryforwards.
            Additionally, as of July 31, 2022, our U.S. and non-U.S. subsidiaries had capital loss carryforwards of approximately $477 million, all of
            which were offset by valuation allowances.
                 The net change in the deferred tax asset valuation allowance in 2022 was a decrease of $11 million. The decrease was primarily due to
            liquidation of an inactive subsidiary. The net change in the deferred tax asset valuation allowance in 2021 was an increase of $20 million. The
            increase was primarily due to the sale of the the Plum baby food and snacks business. The net change in the deferred tax asset valuation
            allowance in 2020 was a decrease of $305 million. The decrease was primarily due to the sale of the Arnott's and other international
            operations.
                As of July 31, 2022, and August 1, 2021, other deferred tax assets included $13 million of state tax credit carryforwards related to
            various states that expire between 2023 and 2025. As of July 31, 2022, and August 1, 2021, deferred tax asset valuation allowances have
            been established to offset the $13 million of state credit carryforwards.



                                                                                   59




62 sur 90                                                                                                                                          4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                 As of July 31, 2022, we had approximately $11 million of undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries which are deemed to be
            permanently reinvested and for which we have not recognized a deferred tax liability. We estimate that the tax liability that might be incurred
            if permanently reinvested earnings were remitted to the U.S. would not be material. Foreign subsidiary earnings in 2021 and thereafter are
            not considered permanently reinvested and we have therefore recognized a deferred tax liability and expense.
                  A reconciliation of the activity related to unrecognized tax benefits follows:
            (Millions)                                                                                       2022               2021               2020
            Balance at beginning of year                                                               $             22 $              23 $               24
             Increases related to prior-year tax positions                                                            4                —                  —
             Decreases related to prior-year tax positions                                                          (10)               (1)                (1)
             Increases related to current-year tax positions                                                          1                 3                  2
             Settlements                                                                                             (2)               —                  (1)
             Lapse of statute                                                                                        (1)               (3)                (1)
            Balance at end of year                                                                     $             14 $              22 $               23

                The decrease of unrecognized tax benefits was primarily due to audit settlements. The amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if
            recognized, would impact the annual effective tax rate was $12 million as of July 31, 2022, and $18 million as of August 1, 2021 and
            August 2, 2020. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits can change due to audit settlements, tax examination activities, statute
            expirations and the recognition and measurement criteria under accounting for uncertainty in income taxes.
                 Our accounting policy for interest and penalties attributable to income taxes is to reflect any expense or benefit as a component of our
            income tax provision. The total amount of interest and penalties recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings was not material in
            2022, 2021, and 2020. The total amount of interest and penalties recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets in Other liabilities was $4
            million as of July 31, 2022, and as of August 1, 2021.
                 We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and non-U.S. jurisdictions. In the normal course of business,
            we are subject to examination by taxing authorities, including the U.S. and Canada. With limited exceptions, we have been audited for
            income tax purposes in the U.S. through 2020 and in Canada through 2016. In addition, several state income tax examinations are in progress
            for the years 2016 to 2021.
            12. Short-term Borrowings and Long-term Debt
                  Short-term borrowings consist of the following:
            (Millions)                                                                                                      2022                  2021
            Commercial paper                                                                                        $              235 $                  37
            Notes                                                                                                                  566                    —
            Finance leases                                                                                                          14                    11
            Other(1)                                                                                                                (1)                   —
               Total short-term borrowings                                                                          $              814 $                  48

            _______________________________________
            (1)
                Includes unamortized net discount/premium on debt issuances and debt issuance costs.
                 The weighted-average interest rate of commercial paper, which consisted of U.S. borrowings, was 2.63% as of July 31, 2022, and 0.22%
            as of August 1, 2021.
                 As of July 31, 2022, we issued $32 million of standby letters of credit. On November 2, 2020, we entered into a committed revolving
            credit facility totaling $1.85 billion scheduled to mature on November 2, 2023. On September 27, 2021, we replaced the facility with a new
            $1.85 billion committed revolving facility that matures on September 27, 2026. This facility remained unused at July 31, 2022, except for $1
            million of standby letters of credit that we issued under it. The facility contains customary covenants, including a financial covenant with
            respect to a minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio of consolidated adjusted EBITDA to consolidated interest expense (as each is
            defined in the credit facility) of not less than 3.25:1.00, measured quarterly, and customary events of default for credit facilities of this type.
            Loans under this facility will bear interest at the rates specified in the facility, which vary based on the type of loan and certain other
            customary conditions. The facility supports our commercial paper program and other general corporate purposes. In March 2020, we
            borrowed $300 million under our previous revolving credit facility and on May 1, 2020, we repaid the borrowings.



                                                                                     60




63 sur 90                                                                                                                                           4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                         https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                  Long-term debt consists of the following:
            (Millions)                                                                                                 2022                 2021
            2.50% Notes due August 2, 2022                                                                      $                — $                 450
            3.65% Notes due March 15, 2023                                                                                      566                  566
            3.95% Notes due March 15, 2025                                                                                      850                  850
            3.30% Notes due March 19, 2025                                                                                      300                  300
            4.15% Notes due March 15, 2028                                                                                    1,000                1,000
            2.375% Notes due April 24, 2030                                                                                     500                  500
            3.80% Notes due August 2, 2042                                                                                      163                  163
            4.80% Notes due March 15, 2048                                                                                      700                  700
            3.125% Notes due April 24, 2050                                                                                     500                  500
            Finance leases                                                                                                       16                   19
            Other(1)                                                                                                            (34)                 (38)
               Total                                                                                            $             4,561 $              5,010
            Less current portion                                                                                                565                   —
               Total long-term debt                                                                             $             3,996 $              5,010

            _______________________________________
            (1)
                Includes unamortized net discount/premium on debt issuances and debt issuance costs.
                  Principal amounts of long-term debt mature as follows:
            (Millions)
            2024                                                                                                                        $             10
            2025                                                                                                                        $          1,153
            2026                                                                                                                        $              3
            2027                                                                                                                        $             —
            Thereafter                                                                                                                  $          2,863

            Debt Extinguishments
                 On March 4, 2022, we completed the redemption of all $450 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of our 2.50% Senior Notes
            due August 2, 2022. The consideration for the redemption was $453 million, including $3 million of premium. We recognized a loss of $4
            million (including the $3 million of premium and other costs), which was recorded in Interest expense in the Consolidated Statement of
            Earnings. In addition, we paid accrued and unpaid interest on the redeemed notes through the date of settlement. We used a combination of
            cash on hand and short-term debt to fund the redemption.
                 On January 22, 2020, we completed the redemption of all $500 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of our 4.25% Senior
            Notes due 2021. On January 24, 2020, we settled tender offers to purchase $1.2 billion in aggregate principal amount of certain senior
            unsecured debt, comprising $329 million of 3.30% Senior Notes due 2021, $634 million of 3.65% Senior Notes due 2023, and $237 million
            of 3.80% Senior Notes due 2043. The consideration for the redemption and the tender offers was $1.765 billion, including $65 million of
            premium. We recognized a loss of $75 million (including $65 million of premium, fees and other costs paid with the tender offers and
            unamortized debt issuance costs), which was recorded in Interest expense in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings. In addition, we paid
            accrued and unpaid interest on the purchased notes through the dates of settlement.
            Debt Repayments
                In March 2021, we repaid our 3.30% $321 million notes and floating rate $400 million notes, and in May 2021, we repaid our 8.875%
            $200 million notes.
                  In 2020, we also repaid our $499 million Senior Term Loan due 2021.
            Debt Issuances
                On April 24, 2020, we issued senior notes in an aggregate principal amount of $1 billion, consisting of $500 million aggregate principal
            amount of notes bearing interest at a fixed rate of 2.375% per annum, due April 24, 2030, and $500 million aggregate principal amount of
            notes bearing interest at a fixed rate of 3.125% per annum, due April 24, 2050. On May 1, 2020, we used $300 million of the net proceeds to
            repay $300 million of borrowings outstanding under a revolving credit facility. The



                                                                                61




64 sur 90                                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




            2.375% Senior Notes due 2030 and the 3.125% Senior Notes due 2050 may each be redeemed at the applicable redemption price, in whole or
            in part, at our option at any time and from time to time prior to January 24, 2030, and October 24, 2049, respectively. Interest on each of the
            notes is due semi-annually on April 24 and October 24, commencing on October 24, 2020. The notes contain customary covenants and
            events of default. If a change of control triggering event occurs, we will be required to offer to purchase the notes at a purchase price equal to
            101% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the purchase date.
            13. Financial Instruments
                 The principal market risks to which we are exposed are changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and commodity prices.
            In addition, we are exposed to equity price changes related to certain deferred compensation obligations. In order to manage these exposures,
            we follow established risk management policies and procedures, including the use of derivative contracts such as swaps, rate locks, options,
            forwards and commodity futures. We enter into these derivative contracts for periods consistent with the related underlying exposures, and
            the contracts do not constitute positions independent of those exposures. We do not enter into derivative contracts for speculative purposes
            and do not use leveraged instruments. Our derivative programs include instruments that qualify for hedge accounting treatment and
            instruments that are not designated as accounting hedges.
            Concentration of Credit Risk
                 We are exposed to the risk that counterparties to derivative contracts will fail to meet their contractual obligations. To mitigate
            counterparty credit risk, we enter into contracts only with carefully selected, leading, credit-worthy financial institutions, and distribute
            contracts among several financial institutions to reduce the concentration of credit risk. We did not have credit risk-related contingent features
            in our derivative instruments as of July 31, 2022, or August 1, 2021.
                We are also exposed to credit risk from our customers. During 2022, our largest customer accounted for approximately 22% of
            consolidated net sales from continuing operations. Our five largest customers accounted for approximately 47% of our consolidated net sales
            from continuing operations in 2022.
                We closely monitor credit risk associated with counterparties and customers.
            Foreign Currency Exchange Risk
                 We are exposed to foreign currency exchange risk, primarily the Canadian dollar, related to third-party transactions and intercompany
            transactions. We utilize foreign exchange forward purchase and sale contracts to hedge these exposures. The contracts are either designated
            as cash-flow hedging instruments or are undesignated. We hedge portions of our forecasted foreign currency transaction exposure with
            foreign exchange forward contracts for periods typically up to 18 months. The notional amount of foreign exchange forward contracts
            accounted for as cash-flow hedges was $140 million as of July 31, 2022, and $134 million as of August 1, 2021. Changes in the fair value on
            the portion of the derivative included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness of cash-flow hedges are recorded in other comprehensive
            income (loss), until earnings are affected by the variability of cash flows. For derivatives that are designated and qualify as hedging
            instruments, the initial fair value of hedge components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness is recognized in earnings under a
            systematic and rational method over the life of the hedging instrument and is presented in the same statement of earnings line item as the
            earnings effect of the hedged item. Any difference between the change in the fair value of the hedge components excluded from the
            assessment of effectiveness and the amounts recognized in earnings is recorded as a component of other comprehensive income (loss). The
            notional amount of foreign exchange forward contracts that are not designated as accounting hedges was $13 million as of July 31, 2022, and
            as of August 1, 2021.
            Interest Rate Risk
                 We manage our exposure to changes in interest rates by optimizing the use of variable-rate and fixed-rate debt and we may utilize
            interest rate swaps in order to maintain our variable-to-total debt ratio within targeted guidelines. Receive fixed rate/pay variable rate interest
            rate swaps are accounted for as fair-value hedges. Changes in the fair value on the portion of the derivative included in the assessment of
            hedge effectiveness of a fair-value hedge, along with the gain or loss on the underlying hedged asset or liability, are recorded in current-
            period earnings. We manage our exposure to interest rate volatility on future debt issuances by entering into forward starting interest rate
            swaps or treasury rate lock contracts to lock in the rate on the interest payments related to anticipated debt issuances. The contracts are either
            designated as cash-flow hedging instruments or are undesignated. Changes in the fair value on the portion of the derivative included in the
            assessment of hedge effectiveness of cash-flow hedges are recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), and reclassified into
            Interest expense over the life of the debt. The change in fair value on undesignated instruments is recorded in Interest expense. There were no
            interest rate swaps outstanding as of July 31, 2022, or August 1, 2021.



                                                                                    62




65 sur 90                                                                                                                                           4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




            Commodity Price Risk
                 We principally use a combination of purchase orders and various short- and long-term supply arrangements in connection with the
            purchase of raw materials, including certain commodities and agricultural products. We also enter into commodity futures, options and swap
            contracts to reduce the volatility of price fluctuations of wheat, diesel fuel, natural gas, soybean oil, aluminum, cocoa, corn, soybean meal
            and butter. Commodity futures, options and swap contracts are either designated as cash-flow hedging instruments or are undesignated. We
            hedge a portion of commodity requirements for periods typically up to 18 months. The notional amount of commodity contracts designated
            as cash flow hedges was $3 million as of July 31, 2022, and $18 million as of August 1, 2021. Changes in the fair value on the portion of the
            derivative included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness of cash-flow hedges are recorded in other comprehensive income (loss), until
            earnings are affected by the variability of cash flows. The notional amount of commodity contracts not designated as accounting hedges was
            $254 million as of July 31, 2022, and $190 million as of August 1, 2021. The change in fair value on undesignated instruments is recorded in
            Cost of products sold.
                 We have a supply contract under which prices for certain raw materials are established based on anticipated volume requirements over a
            twelve-month period. Certain prices under the contract are based in part on certain component parts of the raw materials that are in excess of
            our needs or not required for our operations, thereby creating an embedded derivative requiring bifurcation. We net settle amounts due under
            the contract with our counterparty. The notional amount was approximately $39 million as of July 31, 2022, and $38 million as of August 1,
            2021. The change in fair value on the embedded derivative is recorded in Cost of products sold.
            Equity Price Risk
                 We enter into swap contracts which hedge a portion of exposures relating to certain deferred compensation obligations linked to the total
            return of the Vanguard Extended Market Index Plus Fund, the Vanguard Institutional Index Institutional Plus Fund, the Vanguard Short-Term
            Bond Index Fund and the Vanguard Total International Stock Index Fund. Prior to 2022, we had entered into swap contracts which hedged a
            portion of exposures linked to the total return of our capital stock. As of July 31, 2022, and August 1, 2021, we no longer hedge our exposure
            linked to the total return of our capital stock. These contracts are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes. Unrealized gains (losses)
            and settlements are included in Administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. We enter into these contracts for periods
            typically not exceeding 12 months. The notional amounts of the contracts as of July 31, 2022, and August 1, 2021, were $50 million and $29
            million, respectively.
                 The following tables summarize the fair value of derivative instruments on a gross basis as recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
            as of July 31, 2022, and August 1, 2021:
            (Millions)                                                         Balance Sheet Classification                   2022               2021
            Asset Derivatives
            Derivatives designated as hedges:
             Commodity contracts                                 Other current assets                                   $             3   $              4
             Foreign exchange forward contracts                  Other current assets                                                 2                  1
            Total derivatives designated as hedges                                                                      $             5   $              5
            Derivatives not designated as hedges:
             Commodity contracts                                 Other current assets                                   $            20   $             49
             Deferred compensation contracts                     Other current assets                                                —                   3
            Total derivatives not designated as hedges                                                                  $            20   $             52
            Total asset derivatives                                                                                     $            25   $             57

            (Millions)                                                         Balance Sheet Classification                   2022               2021
            Liability Derivatives
            Derivatives designated as hedges:
             Foreign exchange forward contracts                  Accrued liabilities                                    $            —     $             3
            Total derivatives designated as hedges                                                                      $            —     $             3
            Derivatives not designated as hedges:
             Commodity contracts                                 Accrued liabilities                                    $            30    $            —
             Deferred compensation contracts                     Accrued liabilities                                                  4                 —
            Total derivatives not designated as hedges                                                                  $            34    $            —
            Total liability derivatives                                                                                 $            34    $             3




                                                                                  63




66 sur 90                                                                                                                                        4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                 We do not offset the fair values of derivative assets and liabilities executed with the same counterparty that are generally subject to
            enforceable netting agreements. However, if we were to offset and record the asset and liability balances of derivatives on a net basis, the
            amounts presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of July 31, 2022, and August 1, 2021, would be adjusted as detailed in the
            following table:
                                                                                2022                                                                      2021
                                                                           Gross Amounts                                                             Gross Amounts
                                                                           Not Offset in the                                                         Not Offset in the
                                                   Gross Amounts            Consolidated                                     Gross Amounts            Consolidated
                                                   Presented in the         Balance Sheet                                    Presented in the         Balance Sheet
                                                    Consolidated          Subject to Netting                                  Consolidated          Subject to Netting
            (Millions)                              Balance Sheet            Agreements                 Net Amount            Balance Sheet            Agreements              Net Amount
            Total asset derivatives            $                25        $               (17) $                   8    $                 57     $                   (1) $               56
            Total liability derivatives        $                34        $               (17) $                  17    $                  3     $                   (1) $                2

               We are required to maintain cash margin accounts in connection with funding the settlement of open positions for exchange-traded
            commodity derivative instruments. A cash margin asset balance of $8 million at July 31, 2022, and a liability balance of $14 million at
            August 1, 2021, were included in Other current assets and Accrued liabilities, respectively, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
               The following tables show the effect of our derivative instruments designated as cash-flow hedges for the years ended July 31, 2022,
            August 1, 2021, and August 2, 2020 in other comprehensive income (loss) (OCI) and the Consolidated Statements of Earnings:
                                                                                                                                                     Total Cash-Flow Hedge
                                                                                                                                                          OCI Activity
            (Millions)                                                                                                                          2022          2021         2020
            OCI derivative gain (loss) at beginning of year                                                                               $            (5) $             (8) $           (11)
            Effective portion of changes in fair value recognized in OCI:
             Commodity contracts                                                                                                                       13                 4               —
             Foreign exchange forward contracts                                                                                                         4                (9)               3
            Amount of loss (gain) reclassified from OCI to earnings:                              Location in Earnings
             Commodity contracts                                                                  Cost of products sold                              (14)                —                —
             Foreign exchange forward contracts                                                   Cost of products sold                                1                 6                (2)
             Foreign exchange forward contracts                                                   Other expenses / (income)                           —                  1                —
             Foreign exchange forward contracts                                                   Earnings (loss) from
                                                                                                  discontinued operations                              —                 —                 1
             Forward starting interest rate swaps                                                 Interest expense                                      1                 1                1
            OCI derivative gain (loss) at end of year                                                                                     $            —     $           (5) $            (8)

                 Based on current valuations, the amount expected to be reclassified from OCI into earnings within the next 12 months is a gain of $4
            million.
                 The following table shows the total amounts of line items presented in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the years ended
            2022, 2021, and 2020 in which the effects of derivative instruments designated as cash-flow hedges are recorded and the total effect of hedge
            activity on these line items are as follows:
                                                                                2022                                  2021                                            2020
                                                                                                                                                                               Earnings (loss)
                                                                       Cost of                          Cost of      Other                        Cost of                           from
                                                                      products         Interest        products   expenses /        Interest     products        Interest       discontinued
            (Millions)                                                  sold           expense           sold      (income)         expense        sold          expense         operations
            Consolidated Statements of Earnings:                      $ 5,935      $      189       $ 5,665       $     (254) $         210     $ 5,692          $   345       $       1,036

            Loss (gain) on cash-flow hedges:
             Amount of loss (gain) reclassified from OCI
             to earnings                                              $       (13) $         1      $        6    $           1    $       1    $        (2) $           1     $            1



                                                                                                  64




67 sur 90                                                                                                                                                                          4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                                 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                The amount excluded from effectiveness testing recognized in each line item of earnings using an amortization approach was not
            material in all periods presented.
                 The following table shows the effects of our derivative instruments not designated as hedges in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings:
                                                                                    Location of Loss (Gain)
            (Millions)                                                              Recognized in Earnings                2022            2021             2020
            Foreign exchange forward contracts                            Cost of products sold                      $           —    $            2 $            (1)
            Foreign exchange forward contracts                            Other expenses / (income)                              —                —                2
            Commodity contracts                                           Cost of products sold                                   8              (55)             12
            Deferred compensation contracts                               Administrative expenses                                 3               (8)             (2)
            Treasury rate lock contracts                                  Interest expense                                       —                —               (3)
            Total                                                                                                    $           11   $          (61) $            8

            14. Variable Interest Entity
                 In February 2016, we agreed to make a capital commitment subject to certain qualifications of up to $125 million to Acre, a limited
            partnership formed to make venture capital investments in innovative new companies in food and food-related industries. Acre was managed
            by its general partner, Acre Ventures GP, LLC, which was independent of us. We were the sole limited partner of Acre and owned a 99.8%
            interest. Acre was a VIE. We entered into an agreement to sell our interest in Acre on April 26, 2020, and completed the sale on May 8, 2020,
            for $30 million resulting in a loss of $45 million recognized in the third quarter of 2020 as a result of the pending sale. We consolidated Acre
            and accounted for the third party ownership as a noncontrolling interest. Through the date of the sale, we funded $86 million of the capital
            commitment.
                Acre elected the fair value option to account for qualifying investments to more appropriately reflect the value of the investments in the
            financial statements. Changes in the fair values of investments for which the fair value option was elected were included in Other expenses /
            (income) on the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
            15. Fair Value Measurements
                 We categorize financial assets and liabilities based on the following fair value hierarchy:
                 •       Level 1: Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.
                 •       Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability through corroboration with
                         observable market data.
                 •       Level 3: Unobservable inputs, which are valued based on our estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing
                         the asset or liability.
                 Fair value is defined as the exit price, or the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
            transaction between market participants as of the measurement date. When available, we use unadjusted quoted market prices to measure the
            fair value and classify such items as Level 1. If quoted market prices are not available, we base fair value upon internally developed models
            that use current market-based or independently sourced market parameters such as interest rates and currency rates. Included in the fair value
            of derivative instruments is an adjustment for credit and nonperformance risk.



                                                                                        65




68 sur 90                                                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                                         https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                  Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis
                The following tables present our financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of July 31, 2022,
            and August 1, 2021, consistent with the fair value hierarchy:
                                                                  Fair Value Measurements at                                                   Fair Value Measurements at
                                                                      July 31, 2022 Using                          Fair Value                     August 1, 2021 Using
                                       Fair Value                                                                     as of
                                          as of                      Fair Value Hierarchy                          August 1,
                                                                                                                                                  Fair Value Hierarchy
            (Millions)                July 31, 2022       Level 1           Level 2          Level 3                 2021               Level 1          Level 2          Level 3
            Assets
             Foreign exchange
             forward contracts(1) $              2    $             —    $              2   $              —   $            1       $          —     $            1   $              —
             Commodity
             derivative
             contracts(2)                       23                  —                  19                  4               53                  21               31                   1
             Deferred
             compensation
             derivative
             contracts(3)                       —                   —                  —                   —                3                  —                  3                  —
             Deferred
             compensation
             investments(4)                      2                   2                 —                   —                3                   3               —                    —
            Total assets at fair
            value                 $             27    $              2   $             21   $              4   $           60       $          24    $          35    $              1

                                                                    Fair Value Measurements at                     Fair Value                   Fair Value Measurements at
                                                                        July 31, 2022 Using                                                        August 1, 2021 Using
                                       Fair Value                      Fair Value Hierarchy                           as of
                                          as of                                                                    August 1,                       Fair Value Hierarchy
            (Millions)                July 31, 2022       Level 1            Level 2             Level 3             2021               Level 1           Level 2          Level 3
            Liabilities
             Foreign exchange
             forward contracts(1) $             —     $             —    $             —    $              —   $                3   $          —     $            3   $              —
             Commodity
             derivative
             contracts(2)                       30                   6                 24                  —               —                   —                —                    —
             Deferred
             compensation
             derivative
             contracts(3)                        4                  —                   4                  —               —                   —                —                    —
             Deferred
             compensation
             obligation(4)                      96                  96                 —                   —              105                105                —                    —
            Total liabilities at fair
            value                     $       130     $         102      $             28   $              —   $          108       $        105     $            3   $              —

            ___________________________________
            (1)
                    Based on observable market transactions of spot currency rates and forward rates.
            (2)
                    Level 1 and 2 are based on quoted futures exchanges and on observable prices of futures and options transactions in the marketplace.
                    Level 3 is based on unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, which requires management’s own assumptions within
                    an internally developed model.
            (3)
                    Based on equity index swap rates.
            (4)
                    Based on the fair value of the participants’ investments.




                                                                                                66




69 sur 90                                                                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                           https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                 The following table summarizes the changes in fair value of Level 3 assets for the years ended July 31, 2022, and August 1, 2021:
            (Millions)                                                                                                        2022              2021
            Fair value at beginning of year                                                                              $             1 $              2
            Gains (losses)                                                                                                            18                6
            Settlements                                                                                                              (15)              (7)
            Fair value at end of year                                                                                    $             4 $              1

              Fair Value of Financial Instruments
                 The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate fair value.
                There were cash equivalents of $27 million at July 31, 2022, and none at August 1, 2021. Cash equivalents represent fair value as these
            highly liquid investments have an original maturity of three months or less. Fair value of cash equivalents is based on Level 2 inputs.
                 The fair value of short- and long-term debt was $4.637 billion at July 31, 2022, and $5.613 billion at August 1, 2021. The carrying value
            was $4.81 billion at July 31, 2022, and $5.058 billion at August 1, 2021. The fair value of long-term debt is principally estimated using Level
            2 inputs based on quoted market prices or pricing models using current market rates.
            16. Shareholders' Equity
               We have authorized 560 million shares of Capital stock with $.0375 par value and 40 million shares of Preferred stock, issuable in one or
            more classes, with or without par as may be authorized by the Board of Directors. No Preferred stock has been issued.
              Share Repurchase Programs
                 In June 2021, the Board authorized an anti-dilutive share repurchase program of up to $250 million (June 2021 program) to offset the
            impact of dilution from shares issued under our stock compensation programs. The June 2021 program has no expiration date, but it may be
            suspended or discontinued at any time. Repurchases under the June 2021 program may be made in open-market or privately negotiated
            transactions.
                In September 2021, the Board approved a strategic share repurchase program of up to $500 million (September 2021 program). The
            September 2021 program has no expiration date, but it may be suspended or discontinued at any time. Repurchases under the September
            2021 program may be made in open-market or privately negotiated transactions.
                In 2022, we repurchased 3.8 million shares at a cost of $167 million. Of this amount, $42 million was used to repurchase shares pursuant
            to our June 2021 program and $125 million was used to repurchase share pursuant to our September 2021 program. As of July 31, 2022,
            approximately $172 million remained available under the June 2021 program and approximately $375 million remained under the September
            2021 program. In 2021, we repurchased approximately 1 million shares at a cost of $36 million.
            17. Stock-based Compensation
                 In 2005, shareholders approved the 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan, which authorized the issuance of 6 million shares to satisfy awards
            of stock options, stock appreciation rights, unrestricted stock, restricted stock/units (including performance restricted stock) and performance
            units. In 2008, shareholders approved an amendment to the 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan to increase the number of authorized shares to
            10.5 million and in 2010, shareholders approved another amendment to the 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan to increase the number of
            authorized shares to 17.5 million. In 2015, shareholders approved the 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan, which authorized the issuance of 13
            million shares. Approximately 6 million of these shares were shares that were currently available under the 2005 plan and were incorporated
            into the 2015 Plan upon approval by shareholders.
                 Awards under Long-Term Incentive Plans may be granted to employees and directors. Pursuant to the Long-Term Incentive Plan, we
            adopted a long-term incentive compensation program which provides for grants of total shareholder return (TSR) performance restricted
            stock/units, EPS performance restricted stock/units, strategic performance restricted stock/units, time-lapse restricted stock/units, special
            performance restricted stock/units, free cash flow (FCF) performance restricted stock/units and unrestricted stock. Under the program, awards
            of TSR performance restricted stock/units will be earned by comparing our total shareholder return during a three-year period to the
            respective total shareholder returns of companies in a performance peer group. Based upon our ranking in the performance peer group after
            the relevant three-year performance period, a recipient of TSR performance restricted stock/units may earn a total award ranging from 0% to
            200% of the initial grant. Awards of EPS performance restricted stock/units granted in 2022 will be earned upon the achievement of our
            adjusted EPS compound annual growth rate goal (EPS CAGR performance restricted stock/units), measured over a three-year period. A
            recipient of EPS CAGR performance restricted stock/units may earn a total award ranging from 0% to 200% of the initial grant. Awards of
            EPS



                                                                                  67




70 sur 90                                                                                                                                        4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




            performance restricted stock/units granted prior to 2022 were earned based upon our achievement of annual earnings per share goals and
            vested over the relevant three-year period. During the three-year vesting period, a recipient of EPS performance restricted stock/units earned
            a total award of either 0% or 100% of the initial grant. Awards of the strategic performance restricted stock units were earned based upon the
            achievement of two key metrics, net sales and EPS growth, compared to strategic plan objectives during a three-year period. A recipient of
            strategic performance restricted stock units earned a total award ranging from 0% to 200% of the initial grant. Awards of FCF performance
            restricted stock units were earned based upon the achievement of free cash flow (defined as Net cash provided by operating activities less
            capital expenditures and certain investing and financing activities) compared to annual operating plan objectives over a three-year period. An
            annual objective was established each fiscal year for three consecutive years. Performance against these objectives was averaged at the end of
            the three-year period to determine the number of underlying units that vested at the end of the three years. A recipient of FCF performance
            restricted stock units earned a total award ranging from 0% to 200% of the initial grant. Awards of time-lapse restricted stock/units will vest
            ratably over the three-year period. In addition, we may issue special grants of restricted stock/units to attract and retain executives which vest
            over various periods. Awards are generally granted annually in October.
                Stock options are granted on a selective basis under the Long-Term Incentive Plans. The term of a stock option granted under these plans
            may not exceed ten years from the date of grant. The option price may not be less than the fair market value of a share of common stock on
            the date of the grant. Options granted under these plans generally vest ratably over a three-year period. In 2019, we also granted certain
            options that vest at the end of a three-year period. We last issued stock options in 2019.
                In 2022, we issued time-lapse restricted stock units, unrestricted stock, TSR performance restricted stock units and EPS CAGR
            performance restricted stock units. We last issued FCF performance restricted stock units in 2019, EPS performance restricted stock units in
            2018, strategic performance restricted stock units in 2014 and special performance restricted units in 2015.
                In determining stock-based compensation expense, we estimate forfeitures expected to occur. Total pre-tax stock-based compensation
            expense and tax-related benefits recognized in Earnings from continuing operations were as follows:
            (Millions)                                                                                              2022                 2021            2020
            Total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense                                                   $             59   $               64   $           59
            Tax-related benefits                                                                             $             10   $               12   $           11

                 In 2020, total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense recognized in Earnings (loss) from discontinued operations was $2 million. The
            tax-related benefits were not material.
                 The following table summarizes stock option activity as of July 31, 2022:
                                                                                                                            Weighted-
                                                                                                     Weighted-              Average
                                                                                                     Average               Remaining                 Aggregate
                                                                                                     Exercise              Contractual               Intrinsic
                                                                                Options               Price                   Life                     Value
                                                                              (Options in
                                                                              thousands)                                    (In years)
            Outstanding at August 1, 2021                                               1,372    $          45.61
            Granted                                                                        —     $             —
            Exercised                                                                     (75)   $          38.15
            Terminated                                                                     —     $             —
            Outstanding at July 31, 2022                                                1,297    $          46.04                         4.8 $                   6
            Exercisable at July 31, 2022                                                1,297    $          46.04                         4.8 $                   6

                The total intrinsic value of options exercised during 2022 and 2020 was $1 million and $2 million, respectively. The total intrinsic value
            of options exercised during 2021 was not material. We measured the fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes option pricing
            model.
                We expensed stock options on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, except for awards issued to retirement eligible participants,
            which we expensed on an accelerated basis. As of January 2022, compensation related to stock options was fully expensed.



                                                                                   68




71 sur 90                                                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                           https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                 The following table summarizes time-lapse restricted stock units, EPS CAGR performance restricted stock units and FCF performance
            restricted stock units as of July 31, 2022:
                                                                                                                                                     Weighted-
                                                                                                                                                      Average
                                                                                                                                                     Grant-Date
                                                                                                                       Units                         Fair Value
                                                                                                                (Restricted stock
                                                                                                               units in thousands)
            Nonvested at August 1, 2021                                                                                      1,814        $                   45.63
            Granted                                                                                                          1,543        $                   41.96
            Vested                                                                                                          (1,175)       $                   43.97
            Forfeited                                                                                                         (236)       $                   44.38
            Nonvested at July 31, 2022                                                                                       1,946        $                   43.88

                 We determine the fair value of time-lapse restricted stock units, EPS CAGR performance restricted stock units, FCF performance
            restricted stock units and EPS performance restricted stock units based on the quoted price of our stock at the date of grant. We expense time-
            lapse restricted stock units and EPS CAGR performance restricted stock units on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, except for
            awards issued to retirement-eligible participants, which we expense on an accelerated basis. There were 297 thousand EPS CAGR
            performance target grants outstanding at July 31, 2022 with a weighted-average grant-date fair value of $41.50. We expensed FCF
            performance restricted stock units over the requisite service period of each objective. As of October 31, 2021, there were no FCF
            performance target grants outstanding. We expensed EPS performance restricted stock units on a graded vesting basis, expect for awards
            issued to retirement-eligible participants, which we expensed on an accelerated basis. As of November 1, 2020, there were no EPS
            performance target grants outstanding. The actual number of EPS CAGR performance restricted stock units, FCF performance restricted
            stock units and EPS performance restricted stock units, that vest will depend on actual performance achieved. We estimate expense based on
            the number of awards expected to vest.
                 As of July 31, 2022, total remaining unearned compensation related to nonvested time-lapse restricted stock units and EPS CAGR
            performance restricted units was $37 million, which will be amortized over the weighted-average remaining service period of 1.7 years. In
            the first quarter of 2022, recipients of FCF performance restricted stock units earned 167% of the initial grants based upon the average of
            actual performance achieved during a three-year period ended August 1, 2021. As a result, approximately 158 thousand additional shares
            were awarded. The fair value of restricted stock units vested during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was $50 million, $38 million and $41 million,
            respectively. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of the restricted stock units granted during 2021 and 2020 was $48.37 and $46.82,
            respectively.
                The following table summarizes TSR performance restricted stock units as of July 31, 2022:
                                                                                                                                                     Weighted-
                                                                                                                                                      Average
                                                                                                                                                     Grant-Date
                                                                                                                         Units                       Fair Value
                                                                                                                  (Restricted stock
                                                                                                                 units in thousands)
            Nonvested at August 1, 2021                                                                                          1,222     $                  53.60
            Granted                                                                                                                331     $                  45.54
            Vested                                                                                                                (178)    $                  31.35
            Forfeited                                                                                                             (222)    $                  48.85
            Nonvested at July 31, 2022                                                                                           1,153     $                  55.63

                We estimated the fair value of TSR performance restricted stock units at the grant date using a Monte Carlo simulation. Weighted-
            average assumptions used in the Monte Carlo simulation were as follows:
                                                                                                                          2022                2021           2020
            Risk-free interest rate                                                                                     0.46%              0.15%            1.48%
            Expected dividend yield                                                                                     3.50%              2.85%            2.95%
            Expected volatility                                                                                        27.42%             29.99%           27.01%
            Expected term                                                                                              3 years            3 years          3 years

                 We recognize compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the service period, except for awards issued to retirement eligible
            participants, which we expense on an accelerated basis. As of July 31, 2022, total remaining unearned compensation



                                                                                  69



72 sur 90                                                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




73 sur 90                                                       4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




            related to TSR performance restricted stock units was $15 million, which will be amortized over the weighted-average remaining service
            period of 1.5 years. In the first quarter of 2022, recipients of TSR performance restricted stock units earned 75% of the initial grants based
            upon our TSR ranking in a performance peer group during a three-year period ended July 30, 2021. In the first quarter of 2021, recipients of
            TSR performance restricted stock units earned 50% of the initial grants based upon our TSR ranking in a performance peer group during a
            three-year period ended July 31, 2020. In the first quarter of 2020, recipients of TSR performance restricted stock units earned 0% of the
            initial grants based upon our TSR ranking in a performance peer group during a three-year period ended July 26, 2019. The fair value of TSR
            performance restricted stock units vested during 2022 and 2021 was $8 million and $11 million, respectively. The grant-date fair value of the
            TSR performance restricted stock units granted during 2021 and 2020 was $54.93 and $63.06, respectively. In the first quarter of 2023,
            recipients of TSR performance restricted stock units will receive a 100% payout based upon our TSR ranking in a performance peer group
            during a three-year period ended July 29, 2022.
                 The tax benefits on the exercise of stock options in 2022, 2021, and 2020 were not material. Cash received from the exercise of stock
            options was $3 million, $2 million and $23 million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and is reflected in cash flows from financing
            activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
            18. Commitments and Contingencies
            Regulatory and Litigation Matters
                 We are involved in various pending or threatened legal or regulatory proceedings, including purported class actions, arising from the
            conduct of business both in the ordinary course and otherwise. Modern pleading practice in the U.S. permits considerable variation in the
            assertion of monetary damages or other relief. Jurisdictions may permit claimants not to specify the monetary damages sought or may permit
            claimants to state only that the amount sought is sufficient to invoke the jurisdiction of the trial court. In addition, jurisdictions may permit
            plaintiffs to allege monetary damages in amounts well exceeding reasonably possible verdicts in the jurisdiction for similar matters. This
            variability in pleadings, together with our actual experiences in litigating or resolving through settlement numerous claims over an extended
            period of time, demonstrates to us that the monetary relief which may be specified in a lawsuit or claim bears little relevance to its merits or
            disposition value.
                Due to the unpredictable nature of litigation, the outcome of a litigation matter and the amount or range of potential loss at particular
            points in time is normally difficult to ascertain. Uncertainties can include how fact finders will evaluate documentary evidence and the
            credibility and effectiveness of witness testimony, and how trial and appellate courts will apply the law in the context of the pleadings or
            evidence presented, whether by motion practice, or at trial or on appeal. Disposition valuations are also subject to the uncertainty of how
            opposing parties and their counsel will themselves view the relevant evidence and applicable law.
                 On January 7, 2019, three purported shareholder class action lawsuits pending in the United States District Court for the District of New
            Jersey (the Court) were consolidated under the caption, In re Campbell Soup Company Securities Litigation, Civ. No. 1:18-cv-14385-NLH-JS
            (the Action). Oklahoma Firefighters Pension and Retirement System was appointed lead plaintiff in the Action and, on March 1, 2019, filed
            an amended consolidated complaint. The company, Denise Morrison (the company's former President and Chief Executive Officer), and
            Anthony DiSilvestro (the company's former Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer) are defendants in the Action. The amended
            consolidated complaint alleges that, in public statements between July 19, 2017 and May 17, 2018, the defendants made materially false and
            misleading statements and/or omitted material information about the company's business, operations, customer relationships and prospects,
            specifically with regard to the Campbell Fresh segment. The amended consolidated complaint seeks unspecified monetary damages and other
            relief. On April 30, 2019, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss the amended consolidated complaint, which the Court granted on
            November 30, 2020, with leave to amend the complaint. On January 15, 2021, the plaintiff filed its second amended consolidated complaint.
            The second amended consolidated complaint again names as defendants the company and certain of its former officers and alleges that, in
            public statements between August 31, 2017 and May 17, 2018, the defendants made materially false and misleading statements and/or
            omitted material information about the company's business, operations, customer relationships and prospects, specifically with regard to the
            Campbell Fresh segment. The second amended consolidated complaint seeks unspecified monetary damages and other relief. On March 10,
            2021 the defendants filed a motion to dismiss the second amended consolidated complaint. We are vigorously defending against the Action.
                  We establish liabilities for litigation and regulatory loss contingencies when information related to the loss contingencies shows both that
            it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. It is possible that some matters could
            require us to pay damages or make other expenditures or establish accruals in amounts that could not be reasonably estimated as of July 31,
            2022. While the potential future charges could be material in a particular quarter or annual period, based on information currently known by
            us, we do not believe any such charges are likely to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial
            condition.



                                                                                   70




74 sur 90                                                                                                                                          4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                         https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




            Other Contingencies
                We guarantee approximately 4,800 bank loans made to independent contractor distributors by third-party financial institutions for the
            purchase of distribution routes. The maximum potential amount of the future payments under existing guarantees we could be required to
            make is $500 million as of July 31, 2022. Our guarantees are indirectly secured by the distribution routes. We do not expect that we will be
            required to make material guarantee payments as a result of defaults on the bank loans guaranteed. The amounts recognized as of July 31,
            2022, and August 1, 2021, were not material.
                 We have provided certain standard indemnifications in connection with divestitures, contracts and other transactions. Certain
            indemnifications have finite expiration dates. Liabilities recognized based on known exposures related to such matters were not material at
            July 31, 2022, and August 1, 2021.
            19. Supplemental Financial Statement Data
            Balance Sheets
            (Millions)                                                                                                 2022                 2021
            Accounts receivable
             Customer accounts receivable                                                                       $               502 $                556
             Allowances                                                                                                         (12)                 (12)
             Subtotal                                                                                           $               490 $                544
             Other                                                                                                               51                   51
                                                                                                                $               541 $                595

            (Millions)                                                                                                 2022                 2021
            Inventories
              Raw materials, containers and supplies                                                            $               390   $              321
              Finished products                                                                                                 856                  612
                                                                                                                $             1,246   $              933

            (Millions)                                                                                                 2022                 2021
            Plant assets
             Land                                                                                               $                 74 $                 75
             Buildings                                                                                                         1,531                1,493
             Machinery and equipment                                                                                           3,932                3,732
             Projects in progress                                                                                                141                  189
             Total cost                                                                                         $              5,678 $              5,489
             Accumulated depreciation(1)                                                                                      (3,335)              (3,119)
                                                                                                                $              2,343 $              2,370
            ____________________________________
            (1)
                  Depreciation expense was $296 million in 2022, $275 million in 2021 and $285 million in 2020. Buildings are depreciated over periods
                  ranging from 7 to 45 years. Machinery and equipment are depreciated over periods generally ranging from 2 to 20 years.
            (Millions)                                                                                                 2022                 2021
            Other assets
             Operating lease ROU assets, net of amortization                                                    $               239   $              235
             Pension                                                                                                            146                  190
             Other                                                                                                               24                   24
                                                                                                                $               409   $              449



                                                                                71




75 sur 90                                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                           https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




            (Millions)                                                                                                    2022                     2021
            Accrued liabilities
             Accrued compensation and benefits                                                                      $             216      $               203
             Fair value of derivatives                                                                                             34                        3
             Accrued trade and consumer promotion programs                                                                        141                      121
             Accrued interest                                                                                                      64                       70
             Restructuring                                                                                                          7                        6
             Operating lease liabilities                                                                                           62                       54
             Other                                                                                                                 97                      119
                                                                                                                    $             621      $               576

            (Millions)                                                                                                    2022                     2021
            Other liabilities
             Pension benefits                                                                                    $                107      $               142
             Postretirement benefits                                                                                              153                      199
             Operating lease liabilities                                                                                          177                      180
             Deferred compensation                                                                                                 81                       92
             Unrecognized tax benefits                                                                                             15                       20
             Other                                                                                                                 70                       72
                                                                                                                 $                603      $               705

            Statements of Earnings
            (Millions)                                                                                       2022                2021               2020
            Other expenses / (income)
             Amortization of intangible assets                                                          $            41 $                 42 $              43
             Net periodic benefit expense (income) other than the service cost                                      (23)                (285)               73
             Investment losses(1)                                                                                    —                    —                 49
             Loss on sales of businesses(2)                                                                          —                    11                64
             Transition services fees                                                                                —                   (27)              (10)
             Other                                                                                                    3                    5                 2
                                                                                                        $            21 $               (254) $            221

            Advertising and consumer promotion expense(3)                                               $           314   $             399    $           463

            Interest expense(4)
              Interest expense                                                                          $           191   $             214    $           350
              Less: Interest capitalized                                                                              2                   4                  5
                                                                                                        $           189   $             210    $           345

            ____________________________________
            (1)
                  2020 includes a loss of $45 million related to Acre. See Note 14 for additional information.
            (2)
                  In 2021, we recognized a loss of $11 million on the sale of the Plum baby food and snacks business. In 2020, we recognized a loss of
                  $64 million on the sale of the European chips business. See Note 3 for additional information.
            (3)
                  Included in Marketing and selling expenses.
            (4)
                  In 2022, we recognized a loss of $4 million (including $3 million of premium and other costs) on the extinguishment of debt. In 2020,
                  we recognized a loss of $75 million (including $65 million of premium, fees and other costs paid with the tender offers and unamortized
                  debt issuance costs). See Note 12 for additional information.




                                                                                  72




76 sur 90                                                                                                                                           4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                          https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




            Statements of Cash Flows
            (Millions)                                                                    2022             2021             2020
            Cash Flows from Operating Activities
            Other non-cash charges to net earnings
             Operating lease ROU asset expense                                       $            74   $           75 $             75
             Amortization of debt issuance costs/debt discount                                     5                6                9
             Benefit related expense                                                               3               12               12
             Other                                                                                 6               (7)               5
                                                                                     $            88   $           86 $            101



            Other
             Benefit related payments                                                $           (45) $           (49) $           (53)
             Other                                                                                 3                2               (6)
                                                                                     $           (42) $           (47) $           (59)

            Other Cash Flow Information
             Interest paid                                                           $           188   $          214   $          287
             Interest received                                                       $             1   $            1   $            4
             Income taxes paid                                                       $           196   $          212   $          222




                                                                 73




77 sur 90                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                                              Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

                The management of Campbell Soup Company (the Company) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control
            over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Internal control
            over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
            preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of
            America.
                The Company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:
                •    pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
                     assets of the Company;
                •    provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
                     with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in
                     accordance with authorizations of management and Directors of the Company; and
                •    provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
                     Company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
                Because of its inherent limitations, any system of internal control over financial reporting, no matter how well defined, may not prevent
            or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
            inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
               The Company’s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2022. In
            making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
            (COSO) in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment using those criteria, management concluded that the
            Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of July 31, 2022.
                The effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2022 has been audited by
            PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which appears on the next page.
            /s/ Mark A. Clouse
            Mark A. Clouse
            President and Chief Executive Officer

            /s/ Mick J. Beekhuizen
            Mick J. Beekhuizen
            Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

            /s/ Stanley Polomski
            Stanley Polomski
            Senior Vice President and Controller
            (Principal Accounting Officer)


            September 22, 2022




                                                                                   74




78 sur 90                                                                                                                                         4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                           https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                                                    Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

            To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Campbell Soup Company
            Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
            We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Campbell Soup Company and its subsidiaries (the "Company") as of
            July 31, 2022 and August 1, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, of comprehensive income, of equity, and of cash flows
            for each of the three years in the period ended July 31, 2022, including the related notes and schedule of valuation and qualifying accounts
            for each of the three years in the period ended July 31, 2022 appearing on page 84 (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial
            statements"). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2022, based on criteria established
            in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
            (COSO).
            In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
            Company as of July 31, 2022 and August 1, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period
            ended July 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the
            Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2022, based on criteria
            established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.
            Basis for Opinions
            The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over
            financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying
            Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company’s consolidated
            financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm
            registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect
            to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
            Commission and the PCAOB.
            We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to
            obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or
            fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
            Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the
            consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
            included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also
            included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
            presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an
            understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the
            design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures
            as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.
            Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
            A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
            financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
            principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of
            records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide
            reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
            accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
            management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
            acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
            Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
            evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or
            that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.



                                                                                  75




79 sur 90                                                                                                                                        4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                           https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




            Critical Audit Matters
            The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that
            was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to
            the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of
            critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by
            communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to
            which it relates.
            Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets Impairment Test for Certain Trademarks
            As described in Notes 1 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company’s indefinite-lived intangible assets (trademarks) were
            $2.549 billion as of July 31, 2022. Of the carrying value of all indefinite-lived trademarks, $350 million related to the Lance trademark, $318
            million related to the Kettle Brand trademark, $292 million related to the Pace trademark, and $280 million related to the Pacific Foods
            trademark. Management conducts a test at least annually for impairment, or when circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the
            asset may not be recoverable. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment by comparing the fair value of the asset to the
            carrying value. Management determines fair value based on discounted cash flow analyses that include significant management assumptions
            such as revenue growth rates, weighted average costs of capital, and assumed royalty rates.
            The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment
            test for certain trademarks is a critical audit matter are (i) the high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity involved in applying
            procedures relating to the fair value estimates of certain trademarks due to the significant judgment by management when developing these
            estimates, (ii) the significant audit effort in performing procedures and evaluating management’s significant assumptions related to revenue
            growth rates, weighted average costs of capital, and assumed royalty rates for the Pace and Pacific Foods trademarks and the weighted
            average costs of capital and assumed royalty rates for the Kettle Brand and Lance trademarks, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of
            professionals with specialized skill and knowledge.
            Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the
            consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management’s trademark
            impairment test. These procedures also included, among others (i) testing management’s process for developing the fair value estimates, (ii)
            evaluating the appropriateness of the discounted cash flow analyses, (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the
            discounted cash flow analyses, and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management related to revenue
            growth rates, weighted average costs of capital, and assumed royalty rates for the Pace and Pacific Foods trademarks and the weighted
            average costs of capital and assumed royalty rates for the Kettle Brand and Lance trademarks. Evaluating management’s assumptions related
            to revenue growth rates involved evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonable considering (i) the current and
            past performance associated with the trademarks, (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data, and (iii) whether these
            assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used
            to assist in the evaluation of the appropriateness of the Company’s discounted cash flow analyses and evaluating the reasonableness of the
            weighted average costs of capital and royalty rates significant assumptions.


            /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
            PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
            Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

            September 22, 2022


            We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1954.


                                                                                  76




80 sur 90                                                                                                                                       4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                           https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




            Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
                None.
            Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
                 We, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the President and Chief Executive Officer and the
            Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such
            term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of July 31, 2022 (the Evaluation Date). Based on such evaluation, the President
            and Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, our
            disclosure controls and procedures are effective.
                The annual report of management on our internal control over financial reporting is provided under "Financial Statements and
            Supplementary Data" on page 74. The attestation report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm,
            regarding our internal control over financial reporting is provided under "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" on pages 75-76.
                 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or were likely to materially affect, such
            internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended July 31, 2022.
            Item 9B. Other Information
                None.
            Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
                Not applicable.
                                                                              PART III
            Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
                 The sections entitled "Item 1 — Election of Directors" and "Voting Securities and Principal Shareholders — Ownership of Directors and
            Executive Officers" in our Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the 2022 Proxy) are incorporated herein by
            reference. The information presented in the section entitled "Corporate Governance Policies and Practices — Board Meetings and
            Committees — Board Committee Structure" in the 2022 Proxy relating to the members of our Audit Committee and the Audit Committee’s
            financial experts is incorporated herein by reference.
                Certain of the information required by this Item relating to our executive officers is set forth under the heading "Information about our
            Executive Officers" in this Report.
                We have adopted a Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers that applies to our Chief Executive
            Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Controller and members of the Chief Financial Officer’s financial leadership team. The Code of Ethics for
            the Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers is posted on the Investor portion of our website, www.campbellsoupcompany.com
            (under the "About Us—Investors—Governance—Governance Documents" caption). We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement
            regarding any amendment to, or a waiver of, a provision of the Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers
            by posting such information on our website.
                We have also adopted a separate Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to the Board of Directors, our officers and all of our
            employees. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is posted on the Investor portion of our website, www.campbellsoupcompany.com
            (under the "About Us—Investors—Governance—Governance Documents" caption). Our Corporate Governance Standards and the charters
            of our four standing committees of the Board of Directors can also be found at this website. Printed copies of the foregoing are available to
            any shareholder requesting a copy by:
                •    writing to Investor Relations, Campbell Soup Company, 1 Campbell Place, Camden, NJ 08103-1799;
                •    calling 856-342-6081; or
                •    e-mailing our Investor Relations Department at IR@campbells.com.
            Item 11. Executive Compensation
                 The information presented in the sections entitled "Compensation Discussion and Analysis," "Executive Compensation Tables,"
            "Corporate Governance Policies and Practices — Compensation of Directors," "Corporate Governance Policies and Practices — Board
            Meetings and Committees — Board Committee Structure — Compensation and Organization Committee Interlocks and Insider
            Participation" and "Compensation Discussion and Analysis — Compensation and Organization Committee Report" in the 2022 Proxy is
            incorporated herein by reference.



                                                                                  77




81 sur 90                                                                                                                                       4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




            Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters
                 The information presented in the sections entitled "Voting Securities and Principal Shareholders — Ownership of Directors and
            Executive Officers" and "Voting Securities and Principal Shareholders — Principal Shareholders" in the 2022 Proxy is incorporated herein by
            reference.
            Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans
                The following table provides information about the stock that could have been issued under our equity compensation plans as of July 31,
            2022:
                                                                                                                                      Number of Securities
                                                                                                                                      Remaining Available
                                                                                               Number of           Weighted-                   For
                                                                                             Securities to be        Average         Future Issuance Under
                                                                                              Issued Upon        Exercise Price of   Equity Compensation
                                                                                               Exercise of        Outstanding                 Plans
                                                                                              Outstanding           Options,          (Excluding Securities
                                                                                            Options, Warrants     Warrants and        Reflected in the First
            Plan Category                                                                    and Rights (a)         Rights (b)            Column) (c)
            Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Security Holders (1)                             5,847,284 $              46.04                2,927,470
            Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Security Holders                                   N/A                  N/A                      N/A
            Total                                                                                  5,847,284 $              46.04                2,927,470

            ___________________________________
            (1)
                  Column (a) represents stock options and restricted stock units outstanding under the 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan and the 2005 Long-
                  Term Incentive Plan. Column (a) includes 2,901,544 TSR performance restricted stock units and EPS CAGR performance restricted
                  stock units based on the maximum number of shares potentially issuable under the awards, and the number of shares, if any, to be issued
                  pursuant to such awards will be determined based upon performance during the applicable three-year performance period. No additional
                  awards can be made under the 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan. Future equity awards under the 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan may take
                  the form of stock options, stock appreciation rights, performance unit awards, restricted stock, restricted performance stock, restricted
                  stock units, or stock awards. Column (b) represents the weighted-average exercise price of the outstanding stock options only; the
                  outstanding restricted stock units are not included in this calculation. Column (c) represents the maximum number of future equity
                  awards that can be made under the 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan as of July 31, 2022.
            Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
                 The information presented in the section entitled "Corporate Governance Policies and Practices — Transactions with Related Persons,"
            "Item 1 — Election of Directors," "Corporate Governance Policies and Practices — Director Independence" and "Corporate Governance
            Policies and Practices — Board Meetings and Committees — Board Committee Structure" in the 2022 Proxy is incorporated herein by
            reference.
            Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services
                The information presented in the sections entitled "Item 2 — Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting
            Firm — Audit Firm Fees and Services" and "Item 2 — Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm —
            Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy" in the 2022 Proxy is incorporated herein by reference.
                                                                               PART IV
            Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
            (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report:
                  1. Financial Statements
                      Consolidated Statements of Earnings for 2022, 2021 and 2020
                      Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for 2022, 2021 and 2020
                      Consolidated Balance Sheets as of July 31, 2022 and August 1, 2021
                      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for 2022, 2021 and 2020
                      Consolidated Statements of Equity for 2022, 2021 and 2020
                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                      Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
                      Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 238)


                                                                                   78



82 sur 90                                                                                                                                          4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




83 sur 90                                                       4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                          https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




               2. Financial Statement Schedule
                    II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for 2022, 2021 and 2020
               3. Exhibits
                    Reference is made to Item 15(b) below.
            (b) Exhibits. The Exhibit Index, which immediately precedes the signature page, is incorporated by reference into this Report.
            (c) Financial Statement Schedules. Reference is made to Item 15(a)(2) above.
            Item 16. Form 10-K Summary
            None.




                                                                                 79




84 sur 90                                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                                                               INDEX TO EXHIBITS
            2        Stock and Asset Purchase Agreement, dated August 1, 2019, by and among Campbell Soup Company and Snacking
                     Investments BidCo Pty Limited, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Campbell's Form 8-K (SEC file number 1-3822)
                     filed with the SEC on August 7, 2019.
            3(a)     Campbell’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended through February 24, 1997, is incorporated by reference to
                     Exhibit 3(i) to Campbell’s Form 10-K (SEC file number 1-3822) for the fiscal year ended July 28, 2002.
            3(b)     By-Laws of Campbell Soup Company, amended and restated effective June 24, 2020, are incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                     3 to Campbell’s Form 8-K (SEC file number 1-3822) filed with the SEC on June 25, 2020.
            4(a)     Indenture, dated November 24, 2008, between Campbell and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee, is incorporated by
                     reference to Exhibit 4(a) to Campbell’s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (SEC file number 333-155626) filed with the SEC
                     on November 24, 2008.
            4(b)     Form of First Supplemental Indenture, dated August 2, 2012, among Campbell, The Bank of New York Mellon and Wells
                     Fargo Bank, National Association, as Series Trustee, to Indenture dated November 24, 2008, is incorporated by reference to
                     Exhibit 4.1 to Campbell's Form 8-K (SEC file number 1-3822) filed with the SEC on August 2, 2012.
            4(c)     Form of Subordinated Indenture between Campbell and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee, is incorporated
                     by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Campbell's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (SEC file number 333-249174) filed with the
                     SEC on September 30, 2020.
            4(d)     Indenture dated as of March 19, 2015, between Campbell and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, is
                     incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Campbell's Form 8-K (SEC file number 1-3822) filed with the SEC on March 19,
                     2015.

            4(e)     Form of 3.800% Notes due 2042 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Campbell's Form 8-K (SEC file number
                     1-3822) filed with the SEC on August 2, 2012.
            4(f)     Form of 3.300% Note due 2025 is incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 4.2 to Campbell's Form 8-K (SEC file number
                     1-3822) filed with the SEC on March 19, 2015.

            4(g)     Form of 3.650% Note due 2023 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2.4 to Campbell's Form 8-K (SEC file number
                     1-3822) filed with the SEC on March 16, 2018.
            4(h)     Form of 3.950% Note due 2025 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2.5 to Campbell's Form 8-K (SEC file number
                     1-3822) filed with the SEC on March 16, 2018.
            4(i)     Form of 4.150% Note due 2028 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2.6 to Campbell's Form 8-K (SEC file number
                     1-3822) filed with the SEC on March 16, 2018.
            4(j)     Form of 4.800% Note due 2048 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2.7 to Campbell's Form 8-K (SEC file number
                     1-3822) filed with the SEC on March 16, 2018.
            4(k)     Form of 2.375% Note due 2030 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2.1 to Campbell's Form 8-K (SEC file number 1-3822)
                     filed with the SEC on April 24, 2020.
            4(l)     Form of 3.125% Note due 2050 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2.2 to Campbell's Form 8-K (SEC file number 1-3822)
                     filed with the SEC on April 24, 2020.
            4(m)     Description of securities incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(p) to Campbell's Form 10-K (SEC file number 1-3822) filed
                     with the SEC on September 26, 2019.
            10(a)+   Campbell Soup Company 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on November 18, 2010, is incorporated by
                     reference to Campbell’s 2010 Proxy Statement (SEC file number 1-3822) filed with the SEC on October 7, 2010.
            10(b)+   Campbell Soup Company 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan is incorporated by reference to Campbell’s 2015 Proxy Statement
                     (SEC file number 1-3822) filed with the SEC on October 9, 2015.
            10(c)+   Campbell Soup Company Annual Incentive Plan, as amended on November 19, 2014, is incorporated by reference to
                     Campbell’s 2014 Proxy Statement (SEC file number 1-3822) filed with the SEC on October 1, 2014.



                                                                          80




85 sur 90                                                                                                                            4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                    https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




            10(d)+   Campbell Soup Company Mid-Career Hire Pension Plan, as amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2009, is
                     incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to Campbell’s Form 10-Q (SEC file number 1-3822) for the fiscal quarter ended
                     February 1, 2009.
            10(e)+   First Amendment to the Campbell Soup Company Mid-Career Hire Pension Plan, effective as of December 31, 2010, is
                     incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to Campbell’s Form 10-Q (SEC file number 1-3822) for the fiscal quarter ended
                     January 30, 2011.
            10(f)+   Deferred Compensation Plan, effective November 18, 1999, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(e) to Campbell’s
                     Form 10-K (SEC file number 1-3822) for the fiscal year ended July 30, 2000.
            10(g)+   Campbell Soup Company Supplemental Retirement Plan (formerly known as Deferred Compensation Plan II), as amended
                     and restated effective as of August 1, 2015, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4(c) to Campbell’s Form S-8 (SEC
                     file number 333-216582) filed with the SEC on March 9, 2017.
            10(h)+   Form of Severance Protection Agreement is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(i) to Campbell's Form 10-K (SEC file
                     number 1-3822) for the fiscal year ended July 30, 2017.
            10(i)+   Form of Amendment to the Severance Protection Agreement is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(j) to Campbell's Form
                     10-K (SEC file number) for the fiscal year ended July 30, 2017.
            10(j)+   Form of U.S. Severance Protection Agreement is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(m) to Campbell’s Form 10-K (SEC
                     file number 1-3822) for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2011.
            10(k)+   Form of Amendment to U.S. Severance Protection Agreement is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(o) to Campbell's
                     Form 10-K (SEC file number 1-3822) for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016.
            10(l)+   Campbell Soup Company Supplemental Employees’ Retirement Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2009, is
                     incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c) to Campbell’s Form 10-Q (SEC file number 1-3822) for the fiscal quarter ended
                     February 1, 2009.
            10(m)+   First Amendment to the Campbell Soup Company Supplemental Employees’ Retirement Plan, effective as of December 31,
                     2010, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c) to Campbell’s Form 10-Q (SEC file number 1-3822) for the fiscal quarter
                     ended January 30, 2011.
            10(n)+   Form of 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to
                     Campbell's Form 10-Q (SEC file number 1-3822) for the fiscal quarter ended November 1, 2015.
            10(o)+   Form of 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(dd)
                     to Campbell's Form 10-K (SEC file number 1-3822) for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016.
            10(p)+   Form of 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan Performance Stock Unit Agreement (Earnings Per Share) is incorporated by
                     reference to Exhibit 10(b) to Campbell's Form 10-Q (SEC file number 1-3822) for the fiscal quarter ended October 30, 2016.
            10(q)+   Form of 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan Performance Stock Unit Agreement (Total Shareholder Return) is incorporated by
                     reference to Exhibit 10(ff) to Campbell’s Form 10-K (SEC file number 1-3822) for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016.
            10(r)+   Form of 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan Time-Lapse Restricted Stock Unit Agreement is incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                     10(c) to Campbell's Form 10-Q (SEC file number 1-3822) for the fiscal quarter ended October 30, 2016.
            10(s)+   Form of 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan Time-Lapse Restricted Stock Unit Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                     10(s) to Campbell's Form 10-K(SEC file number 1-3822) for the fiscal year ended August 1, 2021.
            10(t)+   Form of 2015 Long-Term Incentive Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement is incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                     10(t) to Campbell's Form 10-K (SEC file number 1-3822) for the fiscal year ended August 1, 2021.
            10(u)    Five-Year Credit Agreement, dated September 27, 2021, by and among Campbell Soup Company, the Eligible Subsidiaries
                     party thereto from time to time, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other lenders named therein,
                     incorporated by reference to Campbell's Form 10-Q (SEC file number 1-3822) for the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2021.
            10(v)    Support Agreement, dated November 26, 2018, by and among Campbell Soup Company and Third Point LLC, Third Point
                     Partners Qualified L.P., Third Point Partners L.P., Third Point Offshore Master Fund L.P., Third Point Ultra Master Fund L.P.,
                     Third Point Enhanced L.P., Third Point Advisors LLC, Third Point Advisors II LLC and the Revocable Trust of Goerge
                     Strawbridge, Jr., dated January 21, 1991 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Campbell's Form 8-K (SEC file
                     number 1-3822) filed with the SEC on November 26, 2018.



                                                                           81




86 sur 90                                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                        https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




            10(w)        2022 Non-Employee Director Fees are incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Campbell’s Form 10-Q (SEC file number
                         1-3822) for the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2021.
            10(x)+       First Amendment to the Campbell Soup Company Supplemental Retirement Plan effective November 30, 2018 is incorporated
                         by reference to Exhibit 10(b) to Campbell's Form 10-Q (SEC file number 1-3822) for the fiscal quarter ended January 27,
                         2019.
                         Second Amendment to the Campbell Soup Company Supplemental Retirement Plan effective September 16, 2020 is
                         incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(bb) to Campbell's Form 10-K (SEC file number 1-3822) for the fiscal year ended
            10(y)+       August 2, 2020.
                         Third Amendment to the Campbell Soup Company Supplemental Retirement Plan effective December 31, 2020 is
                         incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Campbell's Form 10-Q (SEC file number 1-3822) for the fiscal quarter ended
            10(z)+       January 31, 2021.
            10(aa)+      Campbell Soup Company Executive Severance Pay Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to Campbell's Form 8-K
                         (SEC file number 1-3822) filed with the SEC on April 2, 2019.
            21           Subsidiary List.
            23           Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.
            24           Powers of Attorney.
            31(a)        Certification of Mark A. Clouse pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a).
            31(b)        Certification of Mick J. Beekhuizen pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a).
            32(a)        Certification of Mark A. Clouse pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.
            32(b)        Certification of Mick J. Beekhuizen pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.
            101.INS      XBRL Instance Document
            101.SCH      XBRL Schema Document
            101.CAL      XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document
            101.DEF      XBRL Definition Linkbase Document
            101.LAB      XBRL Label Linkbase Document
            101.PRE      XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document
            104          The cover page from this Annual Report on Form 10-K, formulated in Inline XBRL (see exhibit 101)
            +This exhibit is a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.




                                                                               82




87 sur 90                                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                          https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                                                                         SIGNATURES
               Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, Campbell has duly caused this
            Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
            September 22, 2022
                                                                                                 CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY

                                                                                By:                   /s/Mick J. Beekhuizen
                                                                                                        Mick J. Beekhuizen
                                                                                        Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
                                                                                                   (Principal Financial Officer)

                Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following
            persons on behalf of Campbell and in the capacities indicated on September 22, 2022.


                                                                                           Signatures

                                                  /s/ Mark A. Clouse                                                               *
                                                    Mark A. Clouse                                                        Maria Teresa Hilado
                                  President and Chief Executive Officer and Director                                           Director
                                             (Principal Executive Officer)

                                               /s/ Mick J. Beekhuizen                                                               *
                                                 Mick J. Beekhuizen                                                           Grant H. Hill
                                 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer                                           Director
                                            (Principal Financial Officer)

                                                 /s/ Stanley Polomski                                                              *
                                                   Stanley Polomski                                                         Sarah Hofstetter
                                         Senior Vice President and Controller                                                   Director
                                           (Principal Accounting Officer)

                                                          *                                                                        *
                                                 Keith R. McLoughlin                                                      Marc B. Lautenbach
                                                  Chair and Director                                                           Director

                                                           *                                                                      *
                                                 Fabiola R. Arredondo                                                    Mary Alice D. Malone
                                                       Director                                                                Director

                                                         *                                                                         *
                                                  Howard M. Averill                                                         Kurt T. Schmidt
                                                     Director                                                                  Director

                                                           *                                                                      *
                                                    John P. Bilbrey                                                     Archbold D. van Beuren
                                                       Director                                                                Director

                                                          *                                                           * By: /s/ Charles A. Brawley, III
                                                 Bennett Dorrance, Jr.                                  Name: Charles A. Brawley, III
                                                      Director                                          Title: Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and
                                                                                                        Corporate Secretary,
                                                                                                         as Attorney-in-fact
                                                                                                        (pursuant to powers of attorney)


                                                                                 83


88 sur 90                                                                                                                                      4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




89 sur 90                                                       4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
cpb-20220731                                                                           https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/16732/000001673222000093/...




                                                                                                                                                   Schedule II

                                                                CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY
                                                               Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

                                          For the Fiscal Years ended July 31, 2022, August 1, 2021, and August 2, 2020

                 This schedule of valuation and qualifying accounts for continuing operations should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated
            Financial Statements. This schedule excludes amounts related to discontinued operations. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial
            Statements for additional information.
                                                                                                 Charged to/
                                                                                                (Reduction in)
                                                                                  Balance at        Costs                                              Balance at
                                                                                 Beginning of       and                                                 End of
            (Millions)                                                             Period         Expenses           Deductions      Divestiture        Period
            Fiscal year ended July 31, 2022
            Cash discount                                                    $             6    $        136 $             (137) $            —    $            5
            Bad debt reserve                                                               2               2                 —                —                 4
            Returns reserve(1)                                                             4              (1)                —                —                 3
            Total Accounts receivable allowances                             $            12    $        137 $             (137) $            —    $           12

            Fiscal year ended August 1, 2021
            Cash discount                                                    $             6    $        137     $         (137) $            —    $            6
            Bad debt reserve                                                               4              —                  (2)              —                 2
            Returns reserve(1)                                                             4              —                  —                —                 4
            Total Accounts receivable allowances                             $            14    $        137     $         (139) $            —    $           12

            Fiscal year ended August 2, 2020
            Cash discount                                                    $             6    $        139     $         (139) $            — $               6
            Bad debt reserve                                                               3               2                 —                (1)               4
            Returns reserve(1)                                                             4               1                 (1)              —                 4
            Total Accounts receivable allowances                             $            13    $        142     $         (140) $            (1) $            14

            _______________________________________
            (1)
                  The returns reserve is evaluated quarterly and adjusted accordingly. During each period, returns are charged to net sales in the
                  Consolidated Statements of Earnings as incurred. Actual returns were approximately $110 million in 2022, $100 million in 2021, and
                  $99 million in 2020, or less than 2% of net sales.



                                                                                  84




90 sur 90                                                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:27 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                          https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




                                                             UNITED STATES
                                                 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                                                         WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                                                          FORM 10-K
              ☒    ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                                                          For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022
                                                                               OR
              ☐    TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                                                        For the transition period from ______to_______
                                                                 Commission file number 1-183




                                                        THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                                        (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
                                        Delaware                                                                 23-0691590
             (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)                           (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
                                                      19 East Chocolate Avenue, Hershey, PA 17033
                                                    (Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code)
                                                                       (717) 534-4200
                                                    (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)
            Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                         Title of each class                            Trading Symbol(s)             Name of each exchange on which registered
                   Common Stock, one dollar par value                         HSY                             New York Stock Exchange


            Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Class B Common Stock, one dollar par value

            Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☒�No ☐
            Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐ No ☒
            Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
            Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
            and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒�No ☐
            Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
            to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
            was required to submit such files). Yes ☒�No ☐
            Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
            company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting
            company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
                                                                                              Smaller reporting
            Large accelerated filer ☒ Accelerated filer ☐ Non-accelerated filer ☐                company              ☐ Emerging growth company ☐
            If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
            complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. �
            Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness
            of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
            public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒
            If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
            included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. �

            Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based
            compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to § 240.10D-1(b). �
            Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐ No ☒

            As of July 1, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value
            of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates was $32,207,985,953. Class B Common Stock is not listed for
            public trading on any exchange or market system. However, Class B shares are convertible into shares of Common Stock at any time on



1 sur 132                                                                                                                                      4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                        https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


            a share-for-share basis. Determination of aggregate market value assumes all outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock held by
            non-affiliates were converted to Common Stock as of July 1, 2022. The market value indicated is calculated based on the closing price
            of the Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on July 1, 2022 ($221.00 per share).

            Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant’s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.
                     Common Stock, one dollar par value—146,922,179 shares, as of February 15, 2023.
                     Class B Common Stock, one dollar par value—57,113,777 shares, as of February 15, 2023.

                                                 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
            Portions of the Company’s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of
            this Annual Report on Form 10-K.




2 sur 132                                                                                                                                       4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




                                                        THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                                        Annual Report on Form 10-K
                                                For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022

                                                           TABLE OF CONTENTS


            PART I
             Item 1.             Business                                                                                         2
             Item 1A.            Risk Factors                                                                                     9
             Item 1B.            Unresolved Staff Comments                                                                       15
             Item 2.             Properties                                                                                      16
             Item 3.             Legal Proceedings                                                                               16
             Item 4.             Mine Safety Disclosures                                                                         16
             Supplemental Item   Information About Our Executive Officers                                                        17
            PART II
             Item 5.             Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of      18
                                 Equity Securities
             Item 6.             [Reserved]                                                                                      19
             Item 7.             Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations           20
             Item 7A.            Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk                                      41
             Item 8.             Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                                                     45
             Item 9.             Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure            95
             Item 9A.            Controls and Procedures                                                                         95
             Item 9B.            Other Information                                                                               96
             Item 9C.            Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections                             96
            PART III
             Item 10.            Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance                                          97
             Item 11.            Executive Compensation                                                                          97
             Item 12.            Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder          97
                                 Matters
             Item 13.            Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence                       98
             Item 14.            Principal Accountant Fees and Services                                                          98
            PART IV
             Item 15.            Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules                                                     99
             Item 16.            Form 10-K Summary                                                                              102
                                 Signatures                                                                                     103
                                 Schedule II—Valuation and Qualifying Accounts                                                  104




3 sur 132                                                                                                                     4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                         https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




                                                  Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

            This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the exhibits hereto and the information incorporated by reference herein, contains
            “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Many of these forward-
            looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as “anticipate,” “assume,” “believe,” “continue,” “estimate,” “expect,”
            “forecast,” “future,” “intend,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “strategy,” “target” and similar terms, and future or conditional
            tense verbs like “could,” “may,” “might,” “should,” “will” and “would,” among others. Forward-looking statements are predictions only
            and actual results could differ materially from management’s expectations due to a variety of factors, including those described below in
            Item 1A. “Risk Factors” and in Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” All
            forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons working on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by such risk
            factors. Given these risks and uncertainties, you should not rely on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. The
            forward-looking statements that we make in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on management’s current views and
            assumptions regarding future events and speak only as of their dates. We assume no obligation to update developments of these risk
            factors or to announce publicly any revisions to any of the forward-looking statements that we make, or to make corrections to reflect
            future events or developments, except as required by the federal securities laws.




            Table of Contents                             The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 1




4 sur 132                                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                         https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




                                                                               PART I

            Item 1.    BUSINESS
            The Hershey Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on October 24, 1927 as a successor to a business
            founded in 1894 by Milton S. Hershey. In this report, the terms “Hershey,” “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our” mean The Hershey
            Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries and entities in which it has a controlling financial interest, unless the context indicates
            otherwise.

            Hershey is a global confectionery leader known for making more moments of goodness through chocolate, sweets, mints and other
            great tasting snacks. We are the largest producer of quality chocolate in North America, a leading snack maker in the United States and
            a global leader in chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery. We market, sell and distribute our products under more than 100 brand
            names in approximately 80 countries worldwide.

            Reportable Segments
            The Company reports its operations through three segments: (i) North America Confectionery, (ii) North America Salty Snacks and (iii)
            International. This organizational structure aligns with how our Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”) manages our business,
            including resource allocation and performance assessment, and further aligns with our product categories and the key markets we serve.
                •     North America Confectionery – This segment is responsible for our traditional chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery
                      market position in the United States and Canada. This includes our business in chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery,
                      gum and refreshment products, protein bars, spreads, snack bites and mixes, as well as pantry and food service lines. This
                      segment also includes our retail operations, including Hershey’s Chocolate World stores in Hershey, Pennsylvania; New York,
                      New York; Las Vegas, Nevada; Niagara Falls (Ontario) and Singapore, as well as operations associated with licensing the use
                      of certain of the Company’s trademarks and products to third parties around the world.
                •     North America Salty Snacks – This segment is responsible for our salty snacking products in the United States. This includes
                      ready-to-eat popcorn, baked and trans fat free snacks, pretzels and other snacks.
                •     International – International is a combination of all other operating segments that are not individually material, including
                      those geographic regions where we operate outside of North America. We currently have operations and manufacture product
                      in Mexico, Brazil, India and Malaysia, primarily for consumers in these regions, and also distribute and sell confectionery
                      products in export markets of Asia, Latin America, Middle East, Europe, Africa and other regions.
            Financial and other information regarding our segments is provided in our Management’s Discussion and Analysis and Note 13 to the
            Consolidated Financial Statements.

            Business Acquisitions and Divestitures

            In December 2021, we completed the acquisition of Pretzels Inc. (“Pretzels”), previously a privately held company that manufactures
            and sells pretzels and other salty snacks for other branded products and private labels in the United States. Pretzels is an industry leader
            in the pretzel category with a product portfolio that includes filled, gluten free and seasoned pretzels, as well as extruded snacks that
            complements Hershey’s snacks portfolio. Based in Bluffton, Indiana, Pretzels operates three manufacturing locations in Indiana and
            Kansas. Pretzels provides Hershey deep pretzel category and product expertise and the manufacturing capabilities to support brand
            growth and future pretzel innovation. Additionally in December 2021, we completed the acquisition of Dot’s Pretzels, LLC (“Dot’s”),
            previously a privately held company that produces and sells pretzels and other snack food products to retailers and distributors in the
            United States, with Dot’s Homestyle Pretzels snacks as its primary product. Dot’s is the fastest-growing scale brand in the pretzel
            category and complements Hershey’s snacks portfolio.

            In June 2021, we completed the acquisition of Lily’s Sweets, LLC (“Lily’s”), previously a privately held company that sells a line of
            sugar-free and low-sugar confectionery foods to retailers and distributors in the United States and Canada. Lily’s products include dark
            and milk chocolate style bars, baking chips, peanut butter cups and other confection products that complement Hershey’s confectionery
            and confectionery-based portfolio.




            Table of Contents                              The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 2




5 sur 132                                                                                                                                     4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                       https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




            In January 2021, we completed the divestiture of Lotte Shanghai Foods Co., Ltd. (“LSFC”), which was previously included within the
            International segment results in our consolidated financial statements. Total proceeds from the divestiture and the impact on our
            consolidated financial statements were immaterial.
            During the second quarter of 2020, we completed the divestitures of KRAVE Pure Foods, Inc. (“Krave”), which was previously
            included within the North America Salty Snacks segment, and the Scharffen Berger and Dagoba brands, both of which were previously
            included within the North America Confectionery segment results in our consolidated financial statements. Total proceeds from the
            divestitures and the impact on our Consolidated Statements of Income, both individually and on an aggregate basis, were immaterial.

            Products and Brands
            Our principal product offerings include chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery products; gum and mint refreshment products and
            protein bars; snack items such as popcorn, pretzels, spreads, snack bites and mixes; and pantry items, such as baking ingredients,
            toppings and beverages.

                •    Within our North America Confectionery segment, our product portfolio includes a wide variety of chocolate offerings
                     marketed and sold under the renowned brands of Hershey’s, Reese’s and Kisses, along with other popular chocolate and non-
                     chocolate confectionery brands such as Jolly Rancher, Almond Joy, Brookside, barkTHINS, Cadbury, Good & Plenty, Heath,
                     Kit Kat®, Payday, Rolo®, Twizzlers, Whoppers and York. Our protein bar products include ONE bar and our gum and mint
                     products include Ice Breakers mints and chewing gum, Breath Savers mints and Bubble Yum bubble gum. We also have pantry
                     items, including baking products, toppings and sundae syrups sold under the Hershey’s, Reese’s, Heath and Lily’s brands, as
                     well as Hershey’s and Reese’s chocolate spreads and snack bites and mixes.

                •    Within our North America Salty Snacks segment, we have our salty snack items. This includes ready-to-eat SkinnyPop
                     popcorn, baked and trans fat free Pirates Booty snacks, Dot’s Homestyle Pretzels snacks and other snack brands such as Paqui.

                •    Within our International segment, we manufacture, market and sell many of these same brands, as well as other brands that are
                     marketed regionally, such as Pelon Pelo Rico confectionery products in Mexico, IO-IO snack products in Brazil and Sofit
                     beverage products in India.

            Principal Customers and Marketing Strategy
            Our customers are mainly wholesale distributors, chain grocery stores, mass merchandisers, chain drug stores, vending companies,
            wholesale clubs, convenience stores, dollar stores, concessionaires and department stores. The majority of our customers, with the
            exception of wholesale distributors, resell our products to end-consumers in retail outlets in North America and other locations
            worldwide.

            In 2022, approximately 28% of our consolidated net sales were made to McLane Company, Inc., one of the largest wholesale
            distributors in the United States (“U.S.”) to convenience stores, drug stores, wholesale clubs and mass merchandisers and the primary
            distributor of our products to Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.

            The foundation of our marketing strategy is our strong brand equities, product innovation and the consistently superior quality of our
            products. We devote considerable resources to the identification, development, testing, manufacturing and marketing of new products.
            We utilize a variety of promotional programs directed towards our customers, as well as advertising and promotional programs for
            consumers of our products, to stimulate sales of certain products at various times throughout the year.

            In conjunction with our sales and marketing efforts, our efficient product distribution network helps us maintain sales growth and
            provide superior customer service by facilitating the shipment of our products from our manufacturing plants to strategically located
            distribution centers. We primarily use common carriers to deliver our products from these distribution points to our customers.




            Table of Contents                            The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 3




6 sur 132                                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                         https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




            Raw Materials and Pricing
            Cocoa products, including cocoa liquor, cocoa butter and cocoa powder processed from cocoa beans, are the most significant raw
            materials we use to produce our chocolate products. These cocoa products are purchased directly from third-party suppliers, who source
            cocoa beans that are grown principally in Far Eastern, West African, Central and South American regions. West Africa accounts for
            approximately 70% of the world’s supply of cocoa beans.
            Adverse changes in climate or extreme weather, crop disease, political unrest and other problems in cocoa-producing countries have
            caused price fluctuations in the past, but have never resulted in the total loss of a particular producing country’s cocoa crop and/or
            exports. In the event that a significant disruption occurs in any given country, we believe cocoa from other producing countries and
            from current physical cocoa stocks in consuming countries would provide a significant supply buffer.
            Our trading company in Switzerland performs all aspects of cocoa procurement, including price risk management, physical supply
            procurement and sustainable sourcing oversight. The trading company optimizes the supply chain for our cocoa requirements, with a
            strategic focus on gaining real time access to cocoa market intelligence. It also provides us with the ability to recruit and retain world
            class commodities traders and procurement professionals and enables enhanced collaboration with commodities trade groups, the global
            cocoa community and sustainable sourcing resources.
            We also use substantial quantities of sugar, corn products, Class II and IV dairy products, wheat products, peanuts, almonds and energy
            in our production process. Most of these inputs for our domestic and Canadian operations are purchased from suppliers in the United
            States. For our international operations, inputs not locally available may be imported from other countries.
            We change prices and weights of our products when necessary to accommodate changes in input costs, the competitive environment and
            profit objectives, while at the same time maintaining consumer value. Price increases and weight changes help to offset increases in our
            input costs, including raw and packaging materials, fuel, utilities, transportation costs and employee benefits. When we implement price
            increases, there is usually a time lag between the effective date of the list price increases and the impact of the price increases on net
            sales, in part because we typically honor previous commitments to planned consumer and customer promotions and merchandising
            events subsequent to the effective date of the price increases. In addition, promotional allowances may be increased subsequent to the
            effective date, delaying or partially offsetting the impact of price increases on net sales.

            Competition
            Many of our confectionery and salty snack brands enjoy wide consumer acceptance and are among the leading brands sold in the
            marketplace in North America and certain international markets. We sell our brands in highly competitive markets with many other
            global multinational, national, regional and local firms. Some of our competitors are large companies with significant resources and
            substantial international operations. Competition in our product categories is based on product innovation, product quality, price, brand
            recognition and loyalty, effectiveness of marketing and promotional activity, the ability to identify and satisfy consumer preferences, as
            well as convenience and service. We have also experienced increased competition from other snack items, and through innovation and
            acquisitions, we are continuing to expand the boundaries of our brands to capture new snacking occasions.

            Working Capital, Seasonality and Backlog
            Our sales are typically higher during the third and fourth quarters of the year, representing seasonal and holiday-related sales patterns.
            We manufacture primarily for stock and typically fill customer orders within a few days of receipt. Therefore, the backlog of any
            unfilled orders is not material to our total annual sales. Additional information relating to our cash flows from operations and working
            capital practices is provided in our Management’s Discussion and Analysis.




            Table of Contents                              The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 4




7 sur 132                                                                                                                                     4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                        https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




            Trademarks, Service Marks and License Agreements
            We own various registered and unregistered trademarks and service marks. The trademarks covering our key product brands are of
            material importance to our business. Depending on the country, trademarks remain valid for as long as they are in use or their
            registration status is maintained. Trademark registrations generally are renewable for fixed terms. We follow a practice of seeking
            trademark protection in the United States and other key international markets where our products are sold. We also grant trademark
            licenses to third parties to produce and sell pantry items, flavored milks and various other products primarily under the Hershey’s and
            Reese’s brand names.
            Furthermore, we have rights under license agreements with several companies to manufacture and/or sell and distribute certain
            products. Our rights under these agreements are extendible on a long-term basis at our option. Our most significant licensing
            agreements are as follows:
            Company                                                   Brand                           Location              Requirements

            Kraft Foods Ireland Intellectual Property                 York
                                                                      Peter Paul Almond Joy           Worldwide             None
            Limited/Cadbury UK Limited                                Peter Paul Mounds
                                                                                                                            Minimum sales
            Cadbury UK Limited                                        Cadbury                         United States         requirement exceeded in
                                                                      Caramello                                             2022

            Société des Produits Nestlé SA                            Kit Kat®                        United States         Minimum unit volume
                                                                      Rolo®                                                 sales exceeded in 2022
                                                                      Good & Plenty
                                                                      Heath
                                                                      Jolly Rancher                   Worldwide             None
            Iconic IP Interests, LLC                                  Milk Duds
                                                                      Payday
                                                                      Whoppers


            Research and Development
            We engage in a variety of research and development activities in a number of countries, including the U.S., Mexico, Brazil, India and
            Malaysia. We develop new products, improve the quality of existing products, improve and modernize production processes and
            develop and implement new technologies to enhance the quality and value of both current and proposed product lines. Information
            concerning our research and development expense is contained in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

            Food Quality and Safety Regulation
            The manufacture and sale of consumer food products is highly regulated. In the U.S., our activities are subject to regulation by various
            government agencies, including the Food and Drug Administration, the Department of Agriculture, the Federal Trade Commission, the
            Department of Commerce and the Environmental Protection Agency, as well as various state and local agencies. Similar agencies also
            regulate our businesses outside of the U.S.
            We believe our Product Excellence Program provides us with an effective product quality and safety program. This program is integral
            to our global supply chain platform and is intended to ensure that all products we purchase, manufacture and distribute are safe, are of
            high quality and comply with applicable laws and regulations.
            Through our Product Excellence Program, we evaluate our supply chain including ingredients, packaging, processes, products,
            distribution and the environment to determine where product quality and safety controls are necessary. We identify risks and establish
            controls intended to ensure product quality and safety. Various government agencies and third-party firms, as well as our quality
            assurance staff, conduct audits of all facilities that manufacture our products to assure effectiveness and compliance with our program
            and applicable laws and regulations.




            Table of Contents                             The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 5




8 sur 132                                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




9 sur 132                                                       4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                     https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




         Environmental Considerations
         Beyond ordinary operating and capital expenditures that we make to comply with government regulations, including environmental
         laws and regulations, we have made a number of voluntary commitments to protect and reduce our environmental impacts in recent
         years, including efforts to eliminate commodity-driven deforestation and reduce greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions across our own
         operations and supply chain. Our climate change related investments and expenditures primarily focus on achieving a 50% absolute
         reduction in our Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions and a 25% absolute reduction in our Scope 3 GHG emissions by 2030 (compared to a
         2018 baseline), as well as having 100% of plastic packaging be recyclable, reusable or compostable and 25 million pounds of packaging
         be eliminated by 2030. The annual operating and capital expenditures associated with these ordinary course payments and additional
         climate change commitments are not material with respect to our results of operations, capital expenditures or competitive position.

         Sustainability
         The Company’s commitment to sustainability started with our founder’s belief in responsible citizenship. He was a purpose-driven
         leader who believed we could use chocolate to Make More Moments of Goodness in the world for our consumers today and for many
         generations to come. This belief resulted in a strong investment in local communities and the establishment of Milton Hershey School
         for disadvantaged kids. We continue that legacy today through our holistic environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) strategy: our
         Shared Goodness Promise, which guides how we empower the remarkable people who make and sell our brands, interact with farming
         communities that grow our ingredients, deliver on our commitments to consumers, customers, and external stakeholders, protect the
         environment and support children and youth.
         To learn more about our ESG-related goals, progress and initiatives, as well as review our annual ESG Report and accompanying suite
         of ESG reporting frameworks, policies, and disclosures, access the Sustainability section of our website at:
         https://www.thehersheycompany.com/en_us/sustainability.html. Information found on the Company’s website is not part of this Annual
         Report on Form 10-K or any other report filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”).

         Financial Information by Geographic Area
         Our principal operations and markets are located in the United States. The percentage of total consolidated net sales for our businesses
         outside of the United States was 12.5% for 2022, 13.0% for 2021 and 13.6% for 2020. The percentage of total long-lived assets outside
         of the United States was 17.9% as of December 31, 2022 and 18.8% as of December 31, 2021.

         Human Capital
         As of December 31, 2022, the Company employed approximately 18,075 full-time and 1,790 part-time employees worldwide.
         Collective bargaining agreements covered approximately 6,470 employees, or approximately 33% of the Company’s employees
         worldwide. During 2023, agreements are expected to be negotiated for certain employees at five facilities, four of which are outside of
         the United States, comprising approximately 67% of total employees under collective bargaining agreements. We believe our efforts in
         managing our workforce have been effective, as evidenced by a strong culture and a good relationship between the Company and our
         employees.
         We are a purpose-driven company and for more than a century, our iconic brands have been built on a foundation of community
         investment and connections between people around the world. We could not have achieved this without our remarkable employees who
         make our purpose a reality. As a result, our human capital strategies are material to our operations and core to the long-term success of
         the Company.
             • Our People, Safety and Employee Engagement. Our employees are among our most important resources and are critical to our
                  continued success. We provide a workplace that develops, supports and motivates our people. The overall well-being and
                  safety of our employees remains one of our top priorities. We continue to invest in training, workplace resources and leading
                  systems and processes to ensure the responsible management of all facilities. Additionally, continuous listening surveys are
                  distributed throughout the year to all employees globally. These short and fast surveys reach all of our employees around the
                  world to hear their thoughts on the Company’s direction and their place in it. These continuous touchpoints allow for real-time
                  feedback and action from the Company. These surveys are further supplemented with quarterly and




             Table of Contents                         The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 6




10 sur 132                                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                        https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




                      informative enterprise and team town halls, which, in conjunction with the continuous listening surveys, generate stronger
                      employee engagement with the Company’s strategy, initiatives and leadership. Further, in June 2022, the Company conducted
                      its first annual Ethics and Compliance Survey to assess employees’ perception of the health of ethics and compliance at
                      Hershey.
                 •    Talent Acquisition, Development and Training. Hiring and developing our employees is critically important to our operations
                      and we are focused on creating experiences and programs that foster growth and performance. We provide all employees the
                      chance to learn, grow and own their work. We have partnered with leading online content experts and increased internal
                      learning development to expand our catalog of online and classroom courses. Additionally, we have co-created a culture of
                      development with the enthusiastic support of our employees. Through individual development plans, learning opportunities,
                      feedback and coaching, employees can build careers at The Hershey Company, as evidenced by the fact that the majority of
                      our eight executive officers were promoted from within the organization (see Information about Our Executive Officers).
                 •    Compensation, Benefits and Wellness. In addition to offering competitive, fair and transparent compensation, we also offer a
                      suite of benefits, including comprehensive health and meaningful retirement benefits to eligible employees, tying incentive
                      compensation to both business and individual performance, offering parental leave and adoption benefits and maintaining an
                      employee stock purchase plan. We also provide a number of innovative programs designed to promote physical and emotional
                      well-being, including ergonomic workspaces, a state-of-the-art fitness center at our Hershey, Pennsylvania campus and private
                      rooms designed for quiet reflection, prayer or wellness breaks. The Company also offers SmartFlex benefits which is our suite
                      of policies that allows individuals to create their own balance between work and personal life, including flexing work time
                      based on work priorities or personal commitments, such as caring for children or family members. We believe that this
                      flexibility improves productivity, job satisfaction and increases employee engagement. Additionally, the Company offers a
                      “Best of Both” flexible work model for corporate and commercial employees to balance work and personal well-being. This
                      model allows employees the option to work either remote, in-office, or both, depending on individual needs, personal
                      schedules and work demands. This offers the benefits of flexibility and in-person collaboration, while maintaining productivity
                      and overall job satisfaction.
                 •    Diversity, Equity and Inclusion. Our diverse and inclusive culture makes the difference across all areas of the business around
                      the world. Our gender representation includes women occupying many of the top positions in the Company, including Chief
                      Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, Chief Accounting Officer and President, Salty Snacks, and approximately 50%
                      representation across the Company. Additionally, five of our 12 Board members are women (42% representation). In 2022, we
                      maintained fair and equitable pay achievements, including 1:1 aggregate people of color pay equity for salaried employees in
                      the United States (2021) and 1:1 aggregate gender pay (2020). Further, our eight employee-led Business Resource Groups,
                      which include Abilities First, African American, Asian, GenH (Generations), Latino, Prism (LGBTQ), Veteran’s and Women’s,
                      play a critical role in attracting diverse talent, providing mentoring and career development opportunities, delivering
                      commercial business insights and connecting people to the Company and the communities where we do business. In 2022, the
                      Company was ranked #6 on DiversityInc’s Top 50 Companies for Diversity and was ranked as a top 50 company on Forbes
                      Top Female Friendly Companies. Additionally, the Company also ranked as a top 30 company on Wall Street Journal’s Top
                      250 Best-Managed Companies of 2022.
                 •    Community and Social Impact. Our philanthropy and volunteerism efforts reflect how we live out the Company’s value of
                      making moments of goodness, from supporting causes our employees care about to investing in the long-term success of the
                      communities where we live and work. We work closely with counterparts in each of our plant and office locations across the
                      United States and globally to identify local community needs and craft tailored approaches to provide support. This work
                      includes forging partnerships with local non-governmental organizations, providing grants and contributions and organizing
                      volunteer service activities and employee fundraisers.




             Table of Contents                            The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 7




11 sur 132                                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                      https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




         Available Information
         The Company's website address is www.thehersheycompany.com. We file or furnish annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy
         statements and other information, including amendments to these reports, with the SEC. You may obtain a copy of any of these reports,
         free of charge, from the Investors section of our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with,
         or furnish it to, the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that also contains these reports at www.sec.gov. In addition, copies of the
         Company’s annual report will be made available, free of charge, on written request to the Company.
         We have a Code of Conduct that applies to our Board of Directors (“Board”) and all Company officers and employees, including,
         without limitation, our Chief Executive Officer and “senior financial officers” (including the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting
         Officer and persons performing similar functions). You can obtain a copy of our Code of Conduct, as well as our Corporate Governance
         Guidelines and charters for each of the Board’s standing committees, from the Investors section of our website at:
         https://www.thehersheycompany.com/en_us/investors.html. If we change or waive any portion of the Code of Conduct that applies to
         any of our directors, executive officers or senior financial officers, we will post that information on our website. Information found on
         the Company’s website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report filed with the SEC.




             Table of Contents                         The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 8




12 sur 132                                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                      https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




             Item 1A.    RISK FACTORS
         You should carefully read the following discussion of significant factors, events and uncertainties when evaluating our business and the
         forward-looking information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The events and consequences discussed in these risk
         factors could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, liquidity and financial condition. While we believe we have
         identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, these risk factors do not identify all the risks we face, and
         there may be additional risks and uncertainties that we do not presently know or that we do not currently believe to be significant that
         may have a material adverse effect on our business, performance or financial condition in the future.

         Risks Related to Our Business and Operations

         Our Company’s reputation or brand image might be impacted as a result of issues or concerns relating to the quality and safety of
         our products, ingredients or packaging, human and workplace rights, and other environmental, social or governance matters, which
         in turn could result in litigation or otherwise negatively impact our operating results.
         In order to sell our iconic, branded products, we need to maintain a good reputation with our customers, consumers, suppliers, vendors
         and employees, among others. Issues related to the quality and safety of our products, ingredients or packaging could jeopardize our
         Company’s image and reputation. We have in the past and may in the future need to recall products if any of our products become unfit
         for consumption. Negative publicity related to these types of concerns, or related to product contamination or product tampering,
         whether valid or not, could decrease demand for our products or cause production and delivery disruptions. In addition, negative
         publicity related to our environmental, social or governance practices could also impact our reputation with customers, consumers,
         suppliers and vendors.
         We have been in the past and in the future could potentially be subject to litigation or government actions as a result of issues or
         concerns relating to the quality and safety of our products, ingredients or packaging, human and workplace rights, and other
         environmental, social or governance matters, which could result in payments of fines or damages. Costs associated with these potential
         actions, as well as the potential impact on our reputation or ability to sell our products, could negatively affect our operating results.

         Disruption to our manufacturing operations or supply chain could impair our ability to produce or deliver finished products,
         resulting in a negative impact on our operating results.
         Approximately 70% of our manufacturing capacity is located in the United States. Disruption to our global manufacturing operations or
         our supply chain could result from, among other factors, the following:
                 •    Natural disaster;
                 •    Pandemic outbreak of disease (such as the coronavirus disease 2019 (“COVID-19”) global pandemic);
                 •    Climate change and severity of extreme weather;
                 •    Fire or explosion;
                 •    Terrorism or other acts of violence;
                 •    Labor strikes or other labor activities;
                 •    Unavailability of raw or packaging materials;
                 •    Operational and/or financial instability of key suppliers, and other vendors or service providers; and
                 •    Suboptimal production planning which could impact our ability to cost-effectively meet product demand.

         We believe that we take adequate precautions to mitigate the impact of possible disruptions. We have strategies and plans in place to
         manage disruptive events if they were to occur, including our global supply chain strategies and our principle-based global labor
         relations strategy. If we are unable, or find that it is not financially feasible, to effectively plan for, mitigate or manage operational
         stability and business resiliency, particularly within our international markets and snacks portfolio, due to the potential impacts of such
         disruptive events on our manufacturing operations or supply chain, our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively
         impacted if such events were to occur.




             Table of Contents                           The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 9




13 sur 132                                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                     https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




         We might not be able to hire, engage and retain the talented global human capital we need to drive our growth strategies.
         Our future success depends upon our ability to identify, hire, develop, engage and retain talented personnel across the globe.
         Competition for global talent is intense, and we might not be able to identify and hire the personnel we need to continue to evolve and
         grow our business. In particular, if we are unable to hire the right individuals to fill new or existing senior management positions as
         vacancies arise, our business performance may be impacted.

         Activities related to identifying, recruiting, hiring and integrating qualified individuals require significant time and attention. We may
         also need to invest significant amounts of cash and equity to attract talented new employees, and we may never realize returns on these
         investments.

         In addition to hiring new employees, we must continue to focus on retaining and engaging the talented individuals we need to sustain
         our core business and lead our developing businesses into new markets, channels and categories. This may require significant
         investments in training, coaching and other career development and retention activities. If we are not able to effectively retain and grow
         our talent, our ability to achieve our strategic objectives will be adversely affected, which may impact our financial condition and
         results of operations.

         Risks associated with climate change and other environmental impacts, and increased focus and evolving views of our customers,
         stockholders and other stakeholders on climate change issues, could negatively affect our business and operations.

         Climate-related changes can increase variability in, or otherwise impact, natural disasters, including weather patterns, with the potential
         for increased frequency and severity of significant weather events, natural hazards, rising mean temperature and sea levels, and long-
         term changes in precipitation patterns. Climate change or weather-related disruptions to our supply chain can impact the availability and
         cost of materials needed for manufacturing and could increase insurance and other operating costs.

         Increased focus on climate change has led to legislative and regulatory efforts to combat both potential causes and adverse impacts of
         climate change, including regulation of GHG emissions. New or increasing laws and regulations related to GHG emissions and other
         climate change related concerns may adversely affect us, our suppliers and our customers, and may require additional capital
         investments. Our value chain faces similar challenges as our products rely on agricultural ingredients and a global supply chain. Climate
         change poses a significant and increasing risk to global food production systems and to the safety and resilience of the communities
         where we live, work and source our ingredients. The GHG impacts of land-use change are most pronounced in our cocoa supply chain,
         where we have already been working for several years to prevent deforestation. Additionally, any non-compliance with legislative and
         regulatory requirements could negatively impact our reputation and ability to do business.

         Investors, customers, advisory services, government regulators and other market participants have increasingly focused on the
         environmental or sustainability practices of companies, including Hershey. Shareholders and financial institutions have increasingly
         evaluated a company’s ESG practices, disclosures and performance before making investments or other financial decisions. We believe
         our practices, disclosures and performance are strong and growing. However, if our environmental goals do not meet investor or other
         external stakeholder expectations and standards, our access to capital may be negatively impacted. An enforcement action could harm
         our reputation, financial position and ability to grow. A failure to meet expectations may adversely affect our results of operations,
         ability to manage our liquidity, or implement our strategies.

         The Company publishes its environmental goals, with a particular focus on achieving a 50% absolute reduction in our Scope 1 and 2
         GHG emissions and a 25% absolute reduction in our Scope 3 GHG emissions by 2030 (compared to a 2018 baseline), as well as having
         100% of plastic packaging be reusable, recyclable or compostable and 25 million pounds of packaging be eliminated by 2030. The costs
         of these voluntary commitments may be greater than expected, and there can be no assurance the Company will achieve its goals, or
         meet the evolving sustainability expectations and standards of our investors or other external stakeholders. Any failure to achieve our
         goals, a perception of our failure to act responsibly with respect to the environment, or failure to respond to new or evolving legal and
         regulatory requirements or other sustainability concerns could adversely affect our business, reputation and increase risk of litigation.




             Table of Contents                         The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 10




14 sur 132                                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                        https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




         The effects and costs of climate change, or any failure to meet related requirements and expectations, could have a negative impact on
         our reputation, financial condition and results of operations.

         Risks Related to the Industry in Which We Operate

         Increases in raw material and energy costs along with the availability of adequate supplies of raw materials could affect future
         financial results.
         We use many different commodities for our business, including cocoa products, sugar, corn products, dairy products, wheat products,
         peanuts, almonds, natural gas and diesel fuel.
         Commodities are subject to price volatility and changes in supply caused by numerous factors, including:
                 •    Commodity market fluctuations;
                 •    Currency exchanges rates;
                 •    Imbalances between supply and demand;
                 •    Rising levels of inflation and interest rates related to domestic and global economic conditions or supply chain issues;
                 •    The effects of climate change and extreme weather on crop yield and quality;
                 •    Speculative influences;
                 •    Trade agreements among producing and consuming nations;
                 •    Supplier compliance with commitments;
                 •    Import/export requirements for raw materials and finished goods;
                 •    Political unrest in producing countries;
                 •    Introduction of living income premiums or similar requirements;
                 •    Changes in governmental agricultural programs and energy policies; and
                 •    Other events beyond our control such as the impacts on the business or supply chain arising from the conflict between Russia
                      and Ukraine.

         Although we use forward contracts and commodity futures and options contracts where possible to hedge commodity prices,
         commodity price increases ultimately result in corresponding increases in our raw material and energy costs. If we are unable to offset
         cost increases for major raw materials and energy, there could be a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations.

         Price increases may not be sufficient to offset cost increases and maintain profitability or may result in sales volume declines
         associated with pricing elasticity.
         We may be able to pass some or all raw material, energy and other input cost increases to customers by increasing the selling prices of
         our products or decreasing the size of our products; however, higher product prices or decreased product sizes may also result in a
         reduction in sales volume and/or consumption. If we are not able to increase our selling prices or reduce product sizes (including if
         inflation outpaces our pricing elasticity) sufficiently, or in a timely manner, to offset increased raw material, energy or other input costs,
         including packaging, freight, direct labor, overhead and employee benefits, or if our sales volume decreases significantly, there could be
         a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations.

         Market demand for new and existing products could decline.
         We operate in highly competitive markets and rely on continued demand for our products. To generate revenues and profits, we must
         sell products that appeal to our customers and to consumers. Our continued success is impacted by many factors, including the
         following:

                 •    Effective retail execution;
                 •    Appropriate advertising campaigns and marketing programs;
                 •    Our ability to secure adequate shelf space at retail locations;
                 •    Our ability to drive sustainable innovation and maintain a strong pipeline of new products in the confectionery and broader
                      snacking categories;
                 •    Changes in product category consumption;
                 •    Our response to consumer demographics and trends, including but not limited to, trends relating to store trips and the impact of
                      the growing digital commerce channel; and


             Table of Contents                            The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 11




15 sur 132                                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




16 sur 132                                                      4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                       https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




                 •    Consumer health concerns, including obesity and the consumption of certain ingredients.

         There continues to be competitive product and pricing pressures in the markets where we operate, as well as challenges in maintaining
         profit margins. We must maintain mutually beneficial relationships with our key customers, including retailers and distributors, to
         compete effectively. Our largest customer, McLane Company, Inc., accounted for approximately 28% of our total net sales in 2022.
         McLane Company, Inc. is one of the largest wholesale distributors in the United States to convenience stores, drug stores, wholesale
         clubs and mass merchandisers, including Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.

         Increased marketplace competition could hurt our business.
         The global confectionery and snacks packaged goods industry is intensely competitive and consolidation in this industry continues.
         Some of our competitors are large companies that have significant resources and substantial international operations. We continue to
         experience increased levels of in-store activity for other snack items, which has pressured confectionery category growth. In order to
         protect our existing market share or capture increased market share in this highly competitive retail environment, we may be required to
         increase expenditures for promotions and advertising, and must continue to introduce and establish new products. Due to inherent risks
         in the marketplace associated with advertising and new product introductions, including uncertainties about trade and consumer
         acceptance, increased expenditures may not prove successful in maintaining or enhancing our market share and could result in lower
         sales and profits. In addition, we may incur increased credit and other business risks because we operate in a highly competitive retail
         environment.

         Risks Related to Strategic Initiatives

         Our financial results may be adversely impacted by the failure to successfully execute or integrate acquisitions, divestitures and joint
         ventures.
         From time to time, we may evaluate potential acquisitions, divestitures or joint ventures that align with our strategic objectives. The
         success of such activity depends, in part, upon our ability to identify suitable buyers, sellers or business partners; perform effective
         assessments prior to contract execution; negotiate contract terms; and, if applicable, obtain government approval. These activities may
         present certain financial, managerial, staffing and talent, and operational risks, including diversion of management’s attention from
         existing core businesses; difficulties integrating or separating businesses from existing operations; and challenges presented by
         acquisitions or joint ventures which may not achieve sales levels and profitability that justify the investments made. If the acquisitions,
         divestitures or joint ventures are not successfully implemented or completed, there could be a negative impact on our financial
         condition, results of operations and cash flows.
         In 2021, we successfully completed the divestiture of LSFC as we better prioritize resources against assets and brands that fit our
         business model and scale capabilities. Additionally, we completed the acquisitions of Lily’s in June 2021 and Dot’s and Pretzels in
         December 2021. While we believe significant operating synergies can be obtained in connection with these acquisitions, achievement of
         these synergies will be driven by our ability to successfully leverage Hershey’s resources, expertise, capability-building, distribution
         locations and customer base. In addition, the acquisitions of Dot’s and Pretzels are important steps in our journey to expand our breadth
         in snacking, as they should enable us to bring scale and category management capabilities to a key sub-segment of the warehouse snack
         aisle. If we are unable to successfully couple Hershey’s scale and expertise in brand building with Lily’s, Dot’s and Pretzels’ existing
         operations, it may impact our ability to expand our snacking footprint at our desired pace.




             Table of Contents                           The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 12




17 sur 132                                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                          https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




         Our international operations may not achieve projected growth objectives, which could adversely impact our overall business and
         results of operations.

         In 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, we derived approximately 12.5%, 13.0% and 13.6% of our net sales from customers located
         outside of the United States. Additionally, approximately 18% of our total long-lived assets were located outside of the United States as
         of December 31, 2022. As part of our strategy, we have made investments outside of the United States, particularly in Canada,
         Malaysia, Mexico, Brazil and India. As a result, we are subject to risks and uncertainties relating to international sales and operations,
         including:
                 •    The inability to manage operational stability and business resiliency within our international markets due to unforeseen global
                      economic and environmental changes resulting in business interruption, supply constraints, inflation, deflation or decreased
                      demand;
                 •    The inability to establish, develop and achieve market acceptance of our global brands in international markets;
                 •    Difficulties and costs associated with compliance and enforcement of remedies under a wide variety of complex laws, treaties
                      and regulations;
                 •    Unexpected changes in regulatory environments;
                 •    Political and economic instability, including the possibility of civil unrest, terrorism, mass violence or armed conflict;
                 •    Nationalization of our properties by foreign governments;
                 •    Tax rates that may exceed those in the United States and earnings that may be subject to withholding requirements and
                      incremental taxes upon repatriation;
                 •    Potentially negative consequences from changes in tax laws;
                 •    The imposition of tariffs, quotas, trade barriers, other trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements;
                 •    Increased costs, disruptions in shipping or reduced availability of freight transportation;
                 •    The impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies;
                 •    Failure to gain sufficient profitable scale in certain international markets resulting in an inability to cover manufacturing fixed
                      costs or resulting in losses from impairment or sale of assets; and
                 •    Failure to recruit, retain and build a talented and engaged global workforce.

         If we are not able to achieve our projected international growth objectives and mitigate the numerous risks and uncertainties associated
         with our international operations, there could be a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations.

         We may not fully realize the expected cost savings and/or operating efficiencies associated with our strategic initiatives or
         restructuring programs, which may have an adverse impact on our business.

         We depend on our ability to evolve and grow, and as changes in our business environment occur, we may adjust our business plans by
         introducing new strategic initiatives or restructuring programs to meet these changes. Recently introduced strategic initiatives include
         our efforts to continue to expand our presence in digital commerce, to transform our manufacturing, commercial and corporate
         operations through digital technologies and to enhance our data analytics capabilities to develop new commercial insights. If we are not
         able to capture our share of the expanding digital commerce market, if we do not adequately leverage technology to improve operating
         efficiencies or if we are unable to develop the data analytics capabilities needed to generate actionable commercial insights, our
         business performance may be impacted, which may negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations.

         Additionally, from time to time we implement business realignment activities to support key strategic initiatives designed to maintain
         long-term sustainable growth, such as the International Optimization Program, which we commenced in the fourth quarter of 2020. This
         program is intended to increase our operating effectiveness and efficiency, to reduce our costs and/or to generate savings that can be
         reinvested in other areas of our business. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to successfully implement these strategic initiatives
         and restructuring programs, that we will achieve or sustain the intended benefits under these programs, or that the benefits, even if
         achieved, will be adequate to meet our long-term growth and profitability expectations, which could in turn adversely affect our
         business.




             Table of Contents                             The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 13




18 sur 132                                                                                                                                      4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                      https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




         Risks Related to Governmental and Regulatory Changes

         Changes in governmental laws and regulations could increase our costs and liabilities or impact demand for our products.
         Changes in laws and regulations and the manner in which they are interpreted or applied may alter our business environment. These
         negative impacts could result from changes in food and drug laws, laws related to advertising and marketing practices, accounting
         standards, taxation compliance and requirements, competition laws, employment laws, import/export requirements and environmental
         laws, among others. It is possible that we could become subject to additional liabilities in the future resulting from changes in laws and
         regulations that could result in an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

         Political, economic and/or financial market conditions, including impacts on our business arising from the conflict between Russia
         and Ukraine, could negatively impact our financial results.
         Our operations are impacted by consumer spending levels and impulse purchases, which are affected by general macroeconomic
         conditions, consumer confidence, employment levels, the availability of consumer credit and interest rates on that credit, consumer debt
         levels, energy costs and other factors. Volatility in food and energy costs, sustained global recessions, broad political instability, rising
         unemployment, pandemic outbreak of disease (such as COVID-19), climate change, weather, natural and other disasters and declines in
         personal spending could adversely impact our revenues, profitability and financial condition.

         Changes in financial market conditions may make it difficult to access credit markets on commercially acceptable terms, which may
         reduce liquidity or increase borrowing costs for our Company, our customers and our suppliers. A significant reduction in liquidity
         could increase counterparty risk associated with certain suppliers and service providers, resulting in disruption to our supply chain
         and/or higher costs, and could impact our customers, resulting in a reduction in our revenue, or a possible increase in bad debt expense.

         Additionally, in February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine and this conflict is still ongoing. In response, the U.S. and other countries have
         imposed sanctions on Russia and may impose further sanctions that could damage or disrupt international commerce and the global
         economy. With respect to the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the situation remains dynamic and subject to rapid and possibly
         material change. The Company’s efforts to manage and mitigate any direct or indirect effects from this conflict may ultimately be
         unsuccessful, and the effectiveness of these efforts depends on factors beyond our control, including the duration of the conflict and
         potential governmental actions. The potential effects of the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine may also impact many of the
         other risk factors described herein.

         Risks Related to Digital Transformation, Cybersecurity and Data Privacy

         Disruptions, failures or security breaches of our information technology infrastructure could have a negative impact on our
         operations.
         Information technology is critically important to our business operations. We use information technology to manage all business
         processes including manufacturing, financial, logistics, sales, marketing and administrative functions. These processes collect, interpret
         and distribute business data and communicate internally and externally with employees, suppliers, customers and other third parties.

         We are regularly the target of cyber, ransomware and other security threats. Therefore, we continuously monitor and update our
         information technology networks and infrastructure to prevent, detect, address and mitigate the risk of unauthorized access, misuse,
         computer viruses and other events that could have a security impact. We invest in industry standard security technology to protect the
         Company’s data and business processes against risk of data security breach and cyber attack. Our data security management program
         includes identity, trust, vulnerability and threat management business processes as well as adoption of standard data protection policies.
         We measure our data security effectiveness through industry-accepted methods and remediate significant findings. Additionally, we
         certify our major technology suppliers and any outsourced services through accepted security certification standards. We maintain and
         routinely test backup systems and disaster recovery, along with external network security penetration testing by an independent third
         party as part of our business resiliency preparedness. We also have processes in place to prevent disruptions resulting from our
         implementation of new software and systems.




             Table of Contents                         The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 14




19 sur 132                                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                     https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




         While we have been subject to cyber attacks, ransomware and other security breaches, these incidents did not have a significant impact
         on our business operations. We believe our security technology tools and processes provide adequate measures of protection against
         security and data breaches and in reducing cybersecurity risks. Nevertheless, despite continued vigilance in these areas, disruptions in or
         failures of information technology systems are possible and could have a negative impact on our operations or business reputation.
         Failure of our systems, including failures due to cyber attacks that would prevent the ability of systems to function as intended, could
         cause transaction errors, loss of customers and sales, and could have negative consequences to our Company, our employees and those
         with whom we do business. This in turn could have a negative impact on our financial condition and results or operations. In addition,
         the cost to remediate any damages to our information technology systems suffered as a result of a cyber attack could be significant.

         Complications with the design or implementation of our new enterprise resource planning system could adversely impact our
         business and operations.
         We rely extensively on information systems and technology to manage our business and summarize operating results. We are in the
         process of a multi-year implementation of a new global enterprise resource planning (“ERP”) system. This ERP system will replace our
         existing operating and financial systems. The ERP system is designed to accurately maintain the Company’s financial records, enhance
         operational functionality and provide timely information to the Company’s management team related to the operation of the business.
         The ERP system implementation process has required, and will continue to require, the investment of significant personnel and
         financial resources. We may not be able to successfully implement the ERP system without experiencing further delays, increased costs
         and other difficulties. If we are unable to successfully design and implement the new ERP system as planned, our financial positions,
         results of operations and cash flows could be negatively impacted. Additionally, if we do not effectively implement the ERP system as
         planned or the ERP system does not operate as intended, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting could be
         adversely affected or our ability to assess those controls adequately could be further delayed.

             Item 1B.    UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

         None.




             Table of Contents                        The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 15




20 sur 132                                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                         https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




         Item 2.        PROPERTIES

         Our principal properties include the following:
                                                                                                                                      Status
                   Country                 Location                                            Type                                 (Own/Lease)
             United States       Hershey, Pennsylvania            Manufacturing—confectionery products and pantry items                Own
                                 (2 principal plants)
                                 Lancaster, Pennsylvania          Manufacturing—confectionery products                                Own
                                 Hazleton, Pennsylvania           Manufacturing—confectionery products                                Own
                                 Robinson, Illinois               Manufacturing—confectionery products and pantry items               Own
                                 Stuarts Draft, Virginia          Manufacturing—confectionery products and pantry items               Own
                                 Edgerton, Kansas                 Manufacturing—salty snack products                                  Own
                                 Bluffton, Indiana                Manufacturing—salty snack products                                  Lease
                                 Plymouth, Indiana                Manufacturing—salty snack products                                  Lease
                                 Lawrence, Kansas                 Manufacturing—salty snack products                                  Lease
                                 Annville, Pennsylvania           Distribution                                                        Own
                                 Palmyra, Pennsylvania            Distribution                                                        Own
                                 Edwardsville, Illinois           Distribution                                                        Own
                                 Ogden, Utah                      Distribution                                                        Own
                                 Kennesaw, Georgia                Distribution                                                        Lease
                                 Whitestown, Indiana              Distribution                                                        Lease
                                 Hershey, Pennsylvania            Corporate administrative                                            Lease
                                 New York, New York               Retail                                                              Lease
             Canada              Brantford, Ontario               Distribution                                                        Own
             Mexico              Monterrey, Mexico                Manufacturing—confectionery products                                Own
                                 El Salto, Mexico                 Manufacturing—confectionery products and pantry items               Own
             Malaysia            Johor, Malaysia                  Manufacturing—confectionery products                                Own

         In addition to the locations indicated above, we also own or lease several other properties and buildings worldwide which we use for
         manufacturing, sales, distribution and administrative functions. Our facilities are well maintained and generally have adequate capacity
         to accommodate seasonal demands, changing product mixes and certain additional growth. We regularly improve our facilities to
         incorporate the latest technologies. The largest facilities are located in Hershey, Lancaster and Hazleton, Pennsylvania; Monterrey and
         El Salto, Mexico; and Stuarts Draft, Virginia. The U.S., Canada and Mexico facilities in the table above primarily support our North
         America Confectionery and North America Salty Snacks segments, while the Malaysia facility primarily serves our International
         segment. As discussed in Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, we do not manage our assets on a segment basis given the
         integration of certain manufacturing, warehousing, distribution and other activities in support of our global operations.

             Item 3.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
         Information on legal proceedings is included in Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

             Item 4.    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

         Not applicable.




             Table of Contents                             The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 16




21 sur 132                                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                       https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




         SUPPLEMENTAL ITEM. INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
         The executive officers of the Company, their positions and, as of February 15, 2023, their ages are set forth below.

               Name                              Age                                Positions Held During the Last Five Years
             Michele G. Buck                     61     Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer (October 2019);
                                                        President and Chief Executive Officer (March 2017)
             Jennifer L. McCalman (1)            45     Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer (February 2021);
                                                        Senior Director, Global Controller (March 2019)
             Charles R. Raup                     55     President, U.S. Confection (November 2022);
                                                        President, U.S. (January 2020);
                                                        Vice President, U.S. CMG (June 2018);
                                                        Vice President and General Manager, Chocolate (August 2017)
             Jason R. Reiman                     51     Senior Vice President, Chief Supply Chain Officer (June 2019);
                                                        Vice President, Supply Chain Operations (August 2018);
                                                        Vice President, US Supply Chain Operations (July 2017);
                                                        Vice President, International Operations (May 2017)
             Kristen J. Riggs                    44     President, Salty Snacks (November 2022);
                                                        Senior Vice President, Chief Growth Officer (January 2020);
                                                        Vice President, Innovation and Strategic Growth Platforms (September 2019);
                                                        Vice President, Commercial Planning (June 2018);
                                                        Vice President, Brand Commercialization (July 2017)
             Christopher M. Scalia               47     Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer (January 2020);
                                                        Vice President, Global Human Resources (March 2018);
                                                        Vice President, Talent, HR Operations and Analytics (December 2014)
             James Turoff                        46     Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary (May 2021);
                                                        Acting General Counsel (December 2020);
                                                        Vice President, Deputy General Counsel (March 2019);
                                                        Vice President, SEC, Corporate Governance & Compliance (March 2018);
                                                        Associate General Counsel, Securities & Governance and Business Transformation (May
                                                        2017)
             Steven E. Voskuil (2)               54     Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (February 2021);
                                                        Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer (November
                                                        2019);
                                                        Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (May 2019)


         There are no family relationships among any of the above-named officers of our Company.

             (1)   Ms. McCalman was appointed Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer effective February 23, 2021. Prior to joining our
                   Company she was Senior Director and Assistant Controller for Keurig Dr. Pepper (formerly Keurig Green Mountain) (May
                   2017).
             (2)   Mr. Voskuil was appointed Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer effective May 13, 2019. Prior to joining our Company
                   he was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Avanos Medical, Inc. (November 2014).

         Our Executive Officers are generally appointed each year at the organization meeting of the Board in May.




             Table of Contents                           The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 17




22 sur 132                                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                    https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




                                                                         PART II

             Item 5.   MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER
                        PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

         Our Common Stock is listed and traded principally on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol “HSY.” The Class B
         Common Stock (“Class B Stock”) is not publicly traded.

         The closing price of our Common Stock on December 30, 2022 (the last business day of the of the fiscal year) was $231.57. There were
         24,076 stockholders of record of our Common Stock and 5 stockholders of record of our Class B Stock as of December 31, 2022.

         We paid $775.0 million in cash dividends on our Common Stock and Class B Stock in 2022 and $686.0 million in 2021. The annual
         dividend rate on our Common Stock in 2022 was $3.874 per share.

         On January 31, 2023, our Board declared a quarterly dividend of $1.036 per share of Common Stock payable on March 15, 2023, to
         stockholders of record as of February 17, 2023. It is the Company’s 373rd consecutive quarterly Common Stock dividend. A quarterly
         dividend of $0.942 per share of Class B Stock also was declared.

         Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds
         None.

         Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
         The following table shows the purchases of shares of Common Stock made by or on behalf of Hershey, or any “affiliated purchaser” (as
         defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of Hershey, for each fiscal month in the three
         months ended December 31, 2022:
                                                                                                                               Approximate
                                                                                                 Total Number of              Dollar Value of
                                                                                                Shares Purchased             Shares that May
                                                      Total Number           Average Price      as Part of Publicly         Yet Be Purchased
                                                        of Shares                Paid           Announced Plans             Under the Plans or
                             Period                   Purchased (1)           per Share          or Programs (2)               Programs (2)
                                                                                                                           (in thousands of dollars)
             October 3 through October 30                         —      $             —                          —    $                   609,983
             October 31 through November 27                  145,701     $         231.25                         —    $                   609,983
             November 28 through December 31                      —      $             —                          —    $                   609,983
             Total                                           145,701     $             —                          —

         (1) During the three months ended December 31, 2022, 145,701 shares of Common Stock were purchased in open market transactions
         in connection with our standing authorization to buy back shares sufficient to offset those issued under incentive compensation plans,
         which authorization does not have a dollar or share limit and is not included in our share repurchase authorizations described in the
         following note (2).

         (2) In July 2018, our Board of Directors approved a $500 million share repurchase authorization. As of December 31, 2022,
         approximately $110 million remained available for repurchases of our Common Stock under this program. In May 2021, our Board of
         Directors approved an additional $500 million share repurchase authorization. This program is to commence after the existing 2018
         authorization is completed and is to be utilized at management’s discretion. These share repurchase programs do not have an expiration
         date.

         In February 2023, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Hershey Trust Company, as trustee for the Milton
         Hershey School Trust (the “School Trust”), pursuant to which the Company purchased 1,000,000 shares of the Company’s Common
         Stock from the School Trust at a price equal to $239.91 per share, for a total purchase price of $239.9 million. As a result of this
         repurchase, our July 2018 share repurchase authorization program was completed in February 2023, and approximately $370 million
         remains available for repurchases under our May 2021 share repurchase authorization.



             Table of Contents                       The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 18




23 sur 132                                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




24 sur 132                                                      4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                     https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




         In February 2022, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Hershey Trust Company, as trustee for the School Trust,
         pursuant to which the Company purchased 1,000,000 shares of the Company’s Common Stock from the School Trust at a price equal to
         $203.35 per share, for a total purchase price of $203.4 million.

         Stockholder Return Performance Graph
         The following graph compares our cumulative total stockholder return (Common Stock price appreciation plus dividends, on a
         reinvested basis) over the last five fiscal years with the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index and the Standard & Poor’s 500 Packaged Foods
         Index.


                                                     Comparison of 5 Year Cumulative Total Return*
                                                     Among The Hershey Company, the S&P 500 Index,
                                                         and the S&P 500 Packaged Foods Index




                                 *$100 invested on December 31, 2017 in stock or index, assuming reinvestment of dividends.


                                                                                                   December 31,
             Company/Index                                        2017          2018            2019         2020          2021           2022
             The Hershey Company                              $       100   $          97   $      136   $      144    $       187   $       228
             S&P 500 Index                                    $       100   $          96   $      126   $      149    $       191   $       157
             S&P 500 Packaged Foods Index                     $       100   $          81   $      106   $      111    $       126   $       137


         The stock price performance included in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance.


             Item 6.    [RESERVED]




             Table of Contents                         The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 19




25 sur 132                                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                         https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




             Item 7.   MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

         This Management’s Discussion and Analysis (“MD&A”) is intended to provide an understanding of Hershey’s financial condition,
         results of operations and cash flows by focusing on changes in certain key measures from year to year. The MD&A should be read in
         conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-
         K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially
         from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed elsewhere in this
         Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly in Item 1A. “Risk Factors.”

         The MD&A is organized in the following sections:
             •    Business Model and Growth Strategy
                 •        Overview
                 •        Trends Affecting Our Business
                 •        Consolidated Results of Operations
                 •        Segment Results
                 •        Liquidity and Capital Resources
                 •        Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

         BUSINESS MODEL AND GROWTH STRATEGY

         We are the largest producer of quality chocolate in North America, a leading snack maker in the United States and a global leader in
         chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery. We report our operations through three segments: (i) North America Confectionery, (ii)
         North America Salty Snacks and (iii) International, as discussed in Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

         Our vision is to be a leading snacking powerhouse. We aspire to be a leader in meeting consumers’ evolving snacking needs while
         strengthening the capabilities that drive our growth. We are focused on four strategic imperatives to ensure the Company’s success now
         and in the future:

         •       Drive Core Confection Business and Broaden Participation in Snacking. We continue to be the undisputed leader in U.S.
                 confection by taking actions to deepen our consumer connections and utilize our beloved brands to deliver meaningful innovation,
                 while also diversifying our portfolio to capture profitable and incremental growth across the broader snacking continuum.
                     ◦ Our products frequently play an important role in special moments among family and friends. Seasons are an important
                          part of our business model and for consumers, as they are highly anticipated, cherished times, centered around traditions.
                          For us, it’s an opportunity for our brands to be part of many connections during the year when family and friends gather.
                     ◦ Innovation is an important lever in this variety-seeking category and we are leveraging work from our proprietary demand
                          landscape analytical tool to shape our future innovation and make it more impactful. We are becoming more disciplined in
                          our focus on platform innovation, which should enable sustainable growth over time and significant extensions to our
                          core.
                     ◦ To expand our breadth in snacking, we are focused on expanding the boundaries of our core confection brands to capture
                          new snacking occasions and increasing our exposure into new snack categories through acquisitions. Our expansion into
                          snacking recently has been fueled by the acquisitions of Dot’s and Pretzels in December 2021, which are included in our
                          North America Salty Snacks segment.

         •       Deliver Profitable International Growth. We are focused on ensuring that we efficiently allocate our resources to the areas with the
                 highest potential for profitable growth. We have reset our international investment strategy, while holding fast to our belief that our
                 targeted emerging market strategy will deliver long-term, profitable growth. The uncertain macroeconomic environment in many of
                 these markets is expected to continue and we aim to ensure our investments in these international markets are appropriate relative
                 to the size of the opportunity.




             Table of Contents                            The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 20




26 sur 132                                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




27 sur 132                                                      4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                        https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




         •       Expand Competitive Advantage through Differentiated Capabilities. In order to generate actionable insights, we must acquire,
                 integrate, access and utilize vast sources of the right data in an effective manner. We are working to leverage our advanced data and
                 analytical techniques to gain a deep understanding of our consumers, our customers, our shoppers, our end-to-end supply chain, our
                 retail environment and key economic drivers at both a macro and precision level, including digital transformation and new media
                 models. In addition, we are in the process of transforming our supply chain capabilities and enterprise resource planning system,
                 which will enable employees to work more efficiently and effectively.

         •       Responsibly Manage Our Operations to Ensure the Long-Term Sustainability of Our Business, Our Planet and Our People. We are
                 a purpose-driven company and for more than a century, our iconic brands have been built on a foundation of community investment
                 and connections between people around the world. We could not have achieved this without our remarkable employees who make
                 our purpose a reality. We believe our long-standing values make our Company a special place to work.
                     ◦ We believe our employees are among our most important resources and are critical to our continued success. We utilize
                         continuous listening surveys that are distributed throughout the year to all employees globally. These short and fast
                         surveys reach all of our employees around the world to hear their thoughts on the Company’s direction and their place in
                         it. These continuous touchpoints allow for real-time feedback and action from the Company. These surveys are further
                         supplemented with quarterly and informative enterprise and team town halls, which, in conjunction with the continuous
                         listening surveys, generate stronger employee engagement with the Company’s strategy, initiatives and leadership.
                     ◦ Our diverse and inclusive culture makes the difference across all areas of the business. Our gender representation includes
                         women occupying many of the top positions in the Company, including Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the
                         Board, Chief Accounting Officer and President, Salty Snacks, and approximately 50% representation across the Company.
                         In 2022, we maintained fair and equitable pay achievements, including 1:1 aggregate people of color pay equity for
                         salaried employees in the United States (2021) and 1:1 aggregate gender pay (2020).
                     ◦ We have made strong progress on our ESG priorities and continue to elevate these ESG initiatives for a greater global
                         impact. While we focus on sustainability and social impact across our value chain, we continue to improve and focus on
                         the lives of cocoa farmers and cocoa communities, the environmental priorities of climate change and the role of
                         packaging in our business, responsibly and sustainably sourcing the inputs to our products and increasing investments in
                         human rights and diversity initiatives and growing diverse representation across the organization.

         OVERVIEW

         Hershey is a global confectionery leader known for making more moments of goodness through chocolate, sweets, mints and other
         great tasting snacks. We are the largest producer of quality chocolate in North America, a leading snack maker in the United States and
         a global leader in chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery. We market, sell and distribute our products under more than 100 brand
         names in approximately 80 countries worldwide.

         Our principal product offerings include chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery products; gum and mint refreshment products and
         protein bars; pantry items, such as baking ingredients, toppings and beverages; and snack items such as spreads, bars, and snack bites
         and mixes, popcorn and pretzels.

         Business Acquisitions and Divestitures

         In December 2021, we completed the acquisition of Pretzels Inc. (“Pretzels”), previously a privately held company that manufactures
         and sells pretzels and other salty snacks for other branded products and private labels in the United States. Pretzels is an industry leader
         in the pretzel category with a product portfolio that includes filled, gluten free and seasoned pretzels, as well as extruded snacks that
         complements Hershey’s snacks portfolio. Based in Bluffton, Indiana, Pretzels operates three manufacturing locations in Indiana and
         Kansas. Pretzels provides Hershey with deep pretzel category and product expertise and the manufacturing capabilities to support brand
         growth and future pretzel innovation. Additionally, we completed the acquisition of Dot’s Pretzels, LLC (“Dot’s”), previously a
         privately held company that produces and sells pretzels and other snack food products to retailers and distributors in the United States,
         with Dot’s Homestyle Pretzels snacks as its primary product. Dot’s is the fastest-growing scale brand in the pretzel category and
         complements Hershey’s snacks portfolio.




             Table of Contents                           The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 21




28 sur 132                                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                     https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




         In June 2021, we completed the acquisition of Lily’s Sweets, LLC (“Lily’s”), previously a privately held company that sells a line of
         sugar-free and low-sugar confectionery foods to retailers and distributors in the United States and Canada. Lily’s products include dark
         and milk chocolate style bars, baking chips, peanut butter cups and other confection products that complement Hershey’s confectionery
         and confectionery-based portfolio.

         In January 2021, we completed the divestiture of Lotte Shanghai Foods Co., Ltd. (“LSFC”), which was previously included within the
         International segment results in our consolidated financial statements. Total proceeds from the divestiture and the impact on our
         consolidated financial statements were immaterial.
         During the second quarter of 2020, we completed the divestitures of KRAVE Pure Foods, Inc. (“Krave”), which was previously
         included within the North America Salty Snacks segment, and the Scharffen Berger and Dagoba brands, both of which were previously
         included within the North America Confectionery segment results in our consolidated financial statements.

         TRENDS AFFECTING OUR BUSINESS

         Demand for consumer goods has remained strong throughout 2022, with continued positive consumer patterns identified for our
         products, as well as increased consumer optimism and mobility, including retail foot traffic. However, negative macroeconomic
         conditions, including inflation on inputs to consumer products, labor shortages and demand outpacing supply, have led to broad-based
         supply chain disruptions across the U.S. and globally. As a result, we experienced corresponding incremental costs and gross margin
         pressures during the year ended December 31, 2022 (see Results of Operations included in this MD&A). We are continuing to work
         closely with our business units, contract manufacturers, distributors, contractors and other external business partners to minimize the
         potential impact on our business.

         In addition to broad-based supply chain disruptions, certain geopolitical events, specifically the conflict between Russia and Ukraine,
         have increased global economic and political uncertainty. For the year ended December 31, 2022, this conflict did not have a material
         impact on our commodity prices or supply availability. However, we are continuing to monitor for any significant escalation or
         expansion of economic or supply chain disruptions or broader inflationary costs, which may result in material adverse effects on our
         results of operations.

         Net sales and net income increased during the year ended December 31, 2022, which was primarily driven by strong everyday
         performance on our core U.S. confection brands and salty snack brands (see Segment Results included in this MD&A), partially offset
         by the aforementioned supply chain disruptions and gross margin pressures. As of December 31, 2022, we believe we have sufficient
         liquidity to satisfy our key strategic initiatives and other material cash requirements in both the short-term and in the long-term;
         however, we continue to evaluate and take action, as necessary, to preserve adequate liquidity and ensure that our business can operate
         effectively during the current economic environment. We continue to monitor our discretionary spending across the organization (see
         Liquidity and Capital Resources included in this MD&A).

         Based on the length and severity of broad-based supply chain disruptions, fluctuating levels of inflation, changes in consumer shopping
         and consumption behavior, and the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, we may experience increasing supply chain costs and higher
         inflation. We will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of these potential and evolving impacts on our business, consolidated
         results of operations, segment results, liquidity and capital resources.




             Table of Contents                        The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 22




29 sur 132                                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




         CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
                                                                                                                                   Percent Change
             For the years ended December 31,                          2022              2021               2020            2022 vs 2021     2021 vs 2020
             In millions of dollars except per share amounts
             Net sales                                           $     10,419.3   $        8,971.3    $         8,149.7            16.1 %           10.1 %
              Cost of sales                                             5,920.5            4,922.7              4,448.5            20.3 %           10.7 %
             Gross profit                                               4,498.8            4,048.6              3,701.2            11.1 %            9.4 %
                Gross margin                                               43.2 %              45.1 %              45.4 %
             SM&A expense                                               2,236.0            2,001.4              1,890.9            11.7 %            5.8 %
                SM&A expense as a percent of net sales                     21.5 %             22.3%                23.2%
              Long-lived asset impairment charges                            —                  —                   9.1               NM                NM
              Business realignment costs                                    2.0                 3.5                18.5           (43.6)%           (80.9)%
             Operating profit                                           2,260.8            2,043.7              1,782.7            10.6 %            14.6 %
               Operating profit margin                                     21.7 %              22.8 %              21.9 %
             Interest expense, net                                        137.6              127.4                149.4             8.0 %           (14.7)%
              Other (income) expense, net                                 206.1              119.1                138.3            73.1 %           (13.9)%
             Provision for income taxes                                   272.3              314.4                219.6           (13.4)%            43.2 %
               Effective income tax rate                                   14.2 %              17.5 %              14.7 %
              Net income including noncontrolling interest              1,644.8            1,482.8              1,275.4            10.9 %           16.3 %
              Less: Net gain (loss) attributable to
                noncontrolling interest                                       —                 5.3               (3.3)               NM               NM
              Net income attributable to The Hershey
                Company                                          $       1,644.8     $      1,477.5    $         1,278.7           11.3 %           15.5 %
             Net income per share—diluted                        $            7.96   $          7.11   $            6.11           12.0 %           16.4 %

             Note: Percentage changes may not compute directly as shown due to rounding of amounts presented above.
             NM = not meaningful


         Net Sales
         2022 compared with 2021
         Net sales increased 16.1% in 2022 compared with 2021, reflecting a favorable price realization of 8.0% due to higher prices on certain
         products, a 4.3% benefit from net acquisitions and divestitures driven by the 2021 acquisitions of Lily’s, Dot’s and Pretzels and a
         volume increase of 4.0% due to an increase in consumer demand primarily in everyday core U.S. confection brands and salty snack
         brands. These increases were slightly offset by an unfavorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates of 0.2%.

         2021 compared with 2020
         Net sales increased 10.1% in 2021 compared with 2020, reflecting a volume increase of 5.6% due to an increase in everyday core U.S.
         confection brands and salty snack brands, a favorable price realization of 3.1% due to higher prices on certain products, a 1.0% benefit
         from net acquisitions and divestitures driven by the 2021 acquisitions of Lily’s, Dot's and Pretzels and a favorable impact from foreign
         currency exchange rates of 0.4%.

         Key U.S. Marketplace Metrics

         For the full year 2022, our total U.S. retail takeaway increased 11.4% in the expanded multi-outlet combined plus convenience store
         channels (IRI MULO + C-Stores), which includes candy, mint, gum, salty snacks and grocery items. Our U.S. candy, mint and gum
         (“CMG”) consumer takeaway increased 10.7%, resulting in a CMG market share decline of approximately 54 basis points.




             Table of Contents                                 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 23




30 sur 132                                                                                                                                       4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                      https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




         The CMG consumer takeaway and market share information reflect measured channels of distribution accounting for approximately
         90% of our U.S. confectionery retail business. These channels of distribution primarily include food, drug, mass merchandisers and
         convenience store channels, plus Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., partial dollar, club and military channels. These metrics are based on measured
         market scanned purchases as reported by Information Resources, Incorporated (“IRI”), the Company’s market insights and analytics
         provider, and provide a means to assess our retail takeaway and market position relative to the overall category.

         Cost of Sales and Gross Margin
         2022 compared with 2021
         Cost of sales increased 20.3% in 2022 compared with 2021. The increase was driven by higher sales volume, higher supply chain
         inflation costs, including higher logistics and labor costs and an incremental $40.8 million of unfavorable mark-to-market activity on
         our commodity derivative instruments intended to economically hedge future years’ commodity purchases. Additionally, the increase
         was partially offset by favorable price realization and supply chain productivity.

         Gross margin decreased by 200 basis points in 2022 compared with 2021. The decrease was driven by unfavorable year-over-year
         mark-to-market impact from commodity derivative instruments, higher supply chain inflation costs, including higher logistics and labor
         costs, and unfavorable product mix. These declines were offset by favorable price realization and volume increases.

         2021 compared with 2020
         Cost of sales increased 10.7% in 2021 compared with 2020. The increase was driven by higher sales volume, higher freight and
         logistics costs and additional plant costs. These drivers were partially offset by the incremental $78.8 million of favorable mark-to-
         market activity on our commodity derivative instruments intended to economically hedge future years’ commodity purchases; however,
         our mark-to-market activity was significantly impacted by financial market volatility during March 2020 amid the COVID-19 outbreak.
         Additionally, the increase was partially offset by favorable price realization and supply chain productivity.

         Gross margin decreased by 30 basis points in 2021 compared with 2020. The decrease was driven by higher freight and logistics costs
         and additional plant costs. These factors were partially offset by favorable price realization, supply chain productivity and the favorable
         year-over-year mark-to-market impact from commodity derivative instruments.

         Selling, Marketing and Administrative
         2022 compared with 2021
         Selling, marketing and administrative (“SM&A”) expenses increased $234.7 million, or 11.7%, in 2022 driven by increased corporate
         expenses. Total advertising and related consumer marketing expenses increased 2.7% driven by advertising increases in our
         confectionery brands and increased investment in our salty snacks portfolio, which were partially offset by cost efficiencies related to
         new media partners. SM&A expenses, excluding advertising and related consumer marketing, increased approximately 16.3% in 2022
         driven by an increase in acquisition and integration related costs, as well as higher compensation costs, investments in capabilities and
         technology and broad-based marketplace inflation.
         2021 compared with 2020
         SM&A expenses increased $110.4 million, or 5.8%, in 2021 driven by increased corporate expenses. Total advertising and related
         consumer marketing expenses decreased 0.2% driven by lower advertising in our North America Confectionery segment. SM&A
         expenses, excluding advertising and related consumer marketing, increased approximately 9.2% in 2021 driven by higher compensation
         costs and investments in capabilities and technology.




             Table of Contents                         The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 24




31 sur 132                                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                        https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




         Long-Lived Asset Impairment Charges

         In 2022 and 2021, we recorded no impairments charges. In 2020, we recorded the following impairment charges:
             For the year ended December 31,                                                                                             2020
             In millions of dollars
             Adjustment to disposal group (1)                                                                                    $               6.2
             Other asset write-down (2)                                                                                                          2.9
             Long-lived asset impairment charges                                                                                 $               9.1

               (1) In connection with our LSFC disposal group, which was previously classified as held for sale during 2020, we recorded
                   impairment charges to adjust long-lived asset values. The fair value of the disposal group was supported by potential sales prices
                   with third-party buyers. The sale of the LSFC joint venture was completed in January 2021.
               (2) In connection with a previous sale, the Company wrote-down certain receivables deemed uncollectible.
         The assessment of the valuation of goodwill and other long-lived assets is based on management estimates and assumptions, as
         discussed in our critical accounting policies included in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These estimates and assumptions
         are subject to change due to changing economic and competitive conditions.

         Business Realignment Activities

         We periodically undertake business realignment activities designed to increase our efficiency and focus our business in support of our
         key growth strategies. In 2022, 2021 and 2020 , we recorded business realignment costs of $2.0 million, $3.5 million and $18.5 million,
         respectively. The 2022, 2021, and 2020 costs related primarily to the International Optimization Program, a program focused on
         optimizing our China operating model to improve our operational efficiency and provide for a strong, sustainable and simplified base
         going forward. Costs associated with business realignment activities are classified in our Consolidated Statements of Income as
         described in Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

         Operating Profit and Operating Profit Margin
         2022 compared with 2021
         Operating profit increased 10.6% in 2022 compared with 2021 predominantly due to higher gross profit, partially offset by higher
         SM&A expenses, as noted above. Operating profit margin decreased to 21.7% in 2022 from 22.8% in 2021 by the same factors noted
         above that resulted in lower gross margin for the period.

         2021 compared with 2020
         Operating profit increased 14.6% in 2021 compared with 2020 due primarily to higher gross profit, lower business realignment costs
         and lower impairment charges, partially offset by higher SM&A in the 2021 period, as noted above. Operating profit margin increased
         to 22.8% in 2021 from 21.9% in 2020 driven by these same factors.

         Interest Expense, Net
         2022 compared with 2021
         Net interest expense was $10.1 million higher in 2022 than in 2021. The increase was primarily due to higher rates on short-term debt
         balances in 2022 versus 2021, specifically related to outstanding commercial paper borrowings. The increase was partially offset due to
         lower average long-term debt balances, specifically resulting from the repayment of $84.7 million of 8.800% Debentures upon their
         maturity in February 2021 and $350 million of 3.100% Notes upon their maturity in May 2021.

         2021 compared with 2020
         Net interest expense was $22.0 million lower in 2021 than in 2020. The decrease was due to lower average long-term debt balances in
         2021 versus 2020, specifically resulting from $435 million of long-term debt repayments with varying maturity dates during 2021.




             Table of Contents                            The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 25




32 sur 132                                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




33 sur 132                                                      4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                       https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




         Other (Income) Expense, Net
         2022 compared with 2021
         Other (income) expense, net totaled an expense of $206.1 million in 2022 versus an expense of $119.1 million in 2021. The increase in
         the net expense was primarily due to higher write-downs on equity investments qualifying for tax credits in 2022 versus 2021 and
         higher non-service cost components of net periodic benefit cost relating to pension and other post-retirement benefit plans.

         2021 compared with 2020
         Other (income) expense, net totaled an expense of $119.1 million in 2021 versus an expense of $138.3 million in 2020. The decrease in
         the net expense was primarily due to lower write-downs on equity investments qualifying for historic and renewable energy tax credits,
         in addition to lower non-service cost components of net periodic benefit cost relating to pension and other post-retirement benefit plans
         during 2021 compared to the 2020 period.

         Income Taxes and Effective Tax Rate
         2022 compared with 2021
         Our effective income tax rate was 14.2% for 2022 compared with 17.5% for 2021. Relative to the 21% statutory rate, the 2022 effective
         tax rate benefited from investment tax credits, partially offset by state taxes. The 2021 effective rate, relative to the 21% statutory rate,
         benefited from investment tax credits, partially offset by incremental tax reserves incurred as a result of an adverse ruling in connection
         with a non-U.S. tax litigation matter, as well as state taxes.

         2021 compared with 2020
         Our effective income tax rate was 17.5% for 2021 compared with 14.7% for 2020. Relative to the 21% statutory rate, the 2021 effective
         tax rate benefited from investment tax credits, partially offset by incremental tax reserves incurred as a result of an adverse ruling in
         connection with a non-U.S. tax litigation matter, as well as state taxes. The 2020 effective rate, relative to the 21% statutory rate,
         benefited from investment tax credits and the benefit of employee share-based payments, partially offset by state taxes.


         Net Income Attributable to The Hershey Company and Earnings Per Share-diluted
         2022 compared with 2021
         Net income increased $167.3 million, or 11.3%, while EPS-diluted increased $0.85, or 12.0%, in 2022 compared with 2021. The
         increase in both net income and EPS-diluted was driven primarily by higher gross profit and lower income taxes, partially offset by
         higher SM&A expenses and higher other income and expenses. Our 2022 EPS-diluted also benefited from lower weighted-average
         shares outstanding as a result of share repurchases pursuant to our Board-approved repurchase programs.

         2021 compared with 2020
         Net income increased $198.8 million, or 15.5%, while EPS-diluted increased $1.00, or 16.4%, in 2021 compared with 2020. The
         increase in both net income and EPS-diluted was driven primarily by higher gross profit, partially offset by higher SM&A and higher
         income taxes in 2021. Our 2021 EPS-diluted also benefited from lower weighted-average shares outstanding as a result of share
         repurchases pursuant to our Board-approved repurchase programs.




             Table of Contents                         The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 26




34 sur 132                                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




         SEGMENT RESULTS
         The summary that follows provides a discussion of the results of operations of our three segments: North America Confectionery, North
         America Salty Snacks and International. For segment reporting purposes, we use “segment income” to evaluate segment performance
         and allocate resources. Segment income excludes unallocated general corporate administrative expenses, unallocated mark-to-market
         gains and losses on commodity derivatives, business realignment and impairment charges, acquisition-related costs and other unusual
         gains or losses that are not part of our measurement of segment performance. These items of our operating income are largely managed
         centrally at the corporate level and are excluded from the measure of segment income reviewed by the Chief Operating Decision Maker
         and used for resource allocation and internal management reporting and performance evaluation. Segment income and segment income
         margin, which are presented in the segment discussion that follows, are non-GAAP measures and do not purport to be alternatives to
         operating income as a measure of operating performance. We believe that these measures are useful to investors and other users of our
         financial information in evaluating ongoing operating profitability as well as in evaluating operating performance in relation to our
         competitors, as they exclude the activities that are not directly attributable to our ongoing segment operations.

         Our segment results, including a reconciliation to our consolidated results, were as follows:

             For the years ended December 31,                                                          2022                   2021                  2020
             In millions of dollars
             Net Sales:
               North America Confectionery                                                     $          8,536.5     $          7,682.4     $          7,084.9
               North America Salty Snacks                                                                 1,029.4                  555.4                  438.2
               International                                                                                853.4                  733.5                  626.6
             Total                                                                             $         10,419.3     $          8,971.3     $          8,149.7

             Segment Income:
                North America Confectionery                                                    $          2,811.1     $          2,475.9 $              2,274.6
                North America Salty Snacks                                                                  159.9                  100.7                   75.8
                International                                                                               107.9                   74.2                     —
             Total segment income                                                                         3,078.9                2,650.8                2,350.4
             Unallocated corporate expense (1)                                                              735.5                  614.9                  520.7
             Unallocated mark-to-market losses (gains) on commodity derivatives (2)                          78.2                  (24.4)                   6.4
             Long-lived asset impairment charges                                                               —                      —                     9.1
             Costs associated with business realignment activities                                            4.4                   16.6                   31.5
             Operating profit                                                                             2,260.8                2,043.7                1,782.7
             Interest expense, net                                                                          137.6                  127.4                  149.4
             Other (income) expense, net                                                                    206.2                  119.1                  138.3
             Income before income taxes                                                        $          1,917.0     $          1,797.2 $              1,495.0

         (1) Includes centrally-managed (a) corporate functional costs relating to legal, treasury, finance and human resources, (b) expenses associated with
             the oversight and administration of our global operations, including warehousing, distribution and manufacturing, information systems and global
             shared services, (c) non-cash stock-based compensation expense, (d) acquisition-related costs and (e) other gains or losses that are not integral to
             segment performance.
         (2) Net losses (gains) on mark-to-market valuation of commodity derivative positions recognized in unallocated derivative losses (gains). See Note
             13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.




             Table of Contents                             The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 27




35 sur 132                                                                                                                                            4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                      https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




         North America Confectionery
         The North America Confectionery segment is responsible for our chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery market position in the
         United States and Canada. This includes developing and growing our business in chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery, gum and
         refreshment products, protein bars, spreads, snack bites and mixes, as well as pantry and food service lines. While a less significant
         component, this segment also includes our retail operations, including Hershey’s Chocolate World stores in Hershey, Pennsylvania;
         New York, New York; Las Vegas, Nevada; Niagara Falls (Ontario) and Singapore, as well as operations associated with licensing the
         use of certain trademarks and products to third parties around the world. North America Confectionery accounted for 81.9%, 85.6% and
         86.9% of our net sales in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. North America Confectionery results for the years ended December 31,
         2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows:
                                                                                                                            Percent Change
             For the years ended December 31,                  2022                2021               2020           2022 vs 2021     2021 vs 2020
             In millions of dollars
             Net sales                                   $      8,536.5   $        7,682.4   $        7,084.9               11.1 %             8.4 %
             Segment income                                     2,811.1            2,475.9            2,274.6               13.5 %             8.8 %
             Segment margin                                        32.9 %             32.2 %             32.1 %

         2022 compared with 2021
         Net sales of our North America Confectionery segment increased $854.1 million, or 11.1%, in 2022 compared to 2021, reflecting a
         favorable price realization of 8.1% due to higher prices on certain products, a volume increase of 2.8% due to an increase in everyday
         core U.S. confection brands, and a 0.4% benefit from the 2021 acquisition of Lily’s. These increases were partially offset by an
         unfavorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates of 0.2%.
         Our North America Confectionery segment also includes licensing and owned retail. This includes our Hershey’s Chocolate World
         stores in the United States (3 locations), Niagara Falls (Ontario) and Singapore. Our net sales for licensing and owned retail increased
         approximately 12.7% during 2022 compared to 2021.
         Our North America Confectionery segment income increased $335.2 million, or 13.5%, in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to
         favorable price realization and volume increases, partially offset by higher supply chain inflation costs, including higher logistics and
         labor costs, as well as, unfavorable product mix.

         2021 compared with 2020
         Net sales of our North America Confectionery segment increased $597.5 million, or 8.4%, in 2021 compared to 2020, reflecting a
         volume increase of 5.1% due to an increase in everyday core U.S. confection brands, a favorable price realization of 2.1% due to higher
         prices on certain products, a 0.9% benefit from the 2021 acquisition of Lily’s and a favorable impact from foreign currency exchange
         rates of 0.3%.
         Our North America Confectionery segment also includes licensing and owned retail. At the onset of the pandemic, all Hershey’s
         Chocolate World stores were temporarily closed and subsequently re-opened in July 2020 with increased safety measures. This included
         the United States (3 locations), Niagara Falls (Ontario) and Singapore. As a result, our net sales increased approximately 37.4% during
         2021 compared to 2020.
         Our North America Confectionery segment income increased $201.3 million, or 8.8%, in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to
         favorable price realization and volume increases, partially offset by higher supply chain-related costs, higher freight and logistics costs,
         as well as unfavorable product mix.




             Table of Contents                         The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 28




36 sur 132                                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                      https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




         North America Salty Snacks

         The North America Salty Snacks segment is responsible for our grocery and snacks market positions, including our salty snacking
         products. North America Salty Snacks accounted for 9.9%, 6.2% and 5.4% of our net sales in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. North
         America Salty Snacks results for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows:
                                                                                                                            Percent Change
             For the years ended December 31,                  2022               2021                2020           2022 vs 2021     2021 vs 2020
             In millions of dollars
             Net sales                                   $      1,029.4   $          555.4   $          438.2               85.3 %            26.7 %
             Segment income                                       159.9              100.7               75.8               58.8 %            32.8 %
             Segment margin                                        15.5 %             18.1 %             17.3 %

         2022 compared with 2021
         Net sales for our North America Salty Snacks segment increased $474 million, or 85.3%, in 2022 compared to 2021, reflecting a 64.0%
         benefit from the 2021 acquisitions of Dot’s and Pretzels, a favorable price realization of 12.0% due to higher prices on certain products
         and a volume increase of 9.3% primarily related to SkinnyPop and Pirates Booty snacks.
         Our North America Salty Snacks segment income increased $59.2 million, or 58.8%, in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to
         favorable price realization and volume increases, partially offset by higher supply chain inflation costs, including higher logistics and
         labor costs, as well as, unfavorable product mix.

         2021 compared with 2020
         Net sales for our North America Salty Snacks segment increased $117.2 million, or 26.7%, in 2021 compared to 2020, reflecting a
         volume increase of 16.9%, primarily related to SkinnyPop and Pirates Booty snacks, a favorable price realization of 5.7% due to higher
         prices on certain products and a 4.1% benefit from net acquisitions and divestitures driven by the 2021 acquisitions of Dot’s and
         Pretzels.
         Our North America Salty Snacks segment income increased $24.9 million, or 32.8%, in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to
         favorable price realization and volume increases, partially offset by higher supply chain-related costs, higher freight and logistics costs,
         as well as unfavorable product mix.




             Table of Contents                         The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 29




37 sur 132                                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                    https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




         International
         The International segment includes all other countries where we currently manufacture, import, market, sell or distribute chocolate and
         non-chocolate confectionery and other products. We currently, have operations and manufacture product in Mexico, Brazil, India and
         Malaysia, primarily for consumers in these regions, and also distribute and sell confectionery products in export markets of Latin
         America, as well as Asia, Europe, the Middle East and Africa (“AEMEA”) and other regions. International accounted for 8.2%, 8.2%
         and 7.7% of our net sales in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. International results for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and
         2020 were as follows:

                                                                                                                        Percent Change
             For the years ended December 31,                2022               2021              2020           2022 vs 2021     2021 vs 2020
             In millions of dollars
             Net sales                                 $       853.4   $          733.5   $            626.6            16.3 %            17.1 %
             Segment income                                    107.9               74.2                   —             45.4 %               NM
             Segment margin                                     12.6 %             10.1 %                 —%
         NM = not meaningful
         2022 compared with 2021
         Net sales of our International segment increased $119.9 million, or 16.3%, in 2022 compared to 2021, reflecting a volume increase of
         11.9%, a favorable price realization of 4.1%, and a favorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates of 0.3%. The volume
         increase was primarily attributed to solid marketplace growth in Brazil, Mexico and India, where net sales increased by 21.6%, 20.6%
         and 13.7%, respectively. Our International segment also includes world travel retail, where net sales increased approximately 28.6%.

         Our International segment income increased $33.7 million in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily resulting from volume increases,
         favorable price realization, and the execution of our International Optimization Program in China, as we streamline and optimize our
         China operating model.

         2021 compared with 2020
         Net sales of our International segment increased $106.9 million, or 17.1%, in 2021 compared to 2020, reflecting a favorable price
         realization of 12.1%, a volume increase of 4.2% and a favorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates of 0.8%. The volume
         increase was primarily attributed to solid marketplace growth in Mexico, India, and Brazil, where net sales increased by 39.0%, 23.9%
         and 21.3%, respectively. Our International segment also includes world travel retail, where net sales increased approximately 27.1%.
         These increases also benefited from a favorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates of 1.0%.
         Our International segment income increased $74.2 million in 2021 compared to 2020 with the improvement primarily resulting from
         execution of our International Optimization Program in China, as we streamline and optimize our China operating model, as well as
         volume increases and favorable price realization.




             Table of Contents                        The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 30




38 sur 132                                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                        https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




         Unallocated Corporate Expense
         Unallocated corporate expense includes centrally-managed (a) corporate functional costs relating to legal, treasury, finance and human
         resources, (b) expenses associated with the oversight and administration of our global operations, including warehousing, distribution
         and manufacturing, information systems and global shared services, (c) non-cash stock-based compensation expense and (d) other gains
         or losses that are not integral to segment performance.
         Unallocated corporate expense totaled $735.5 million in 2022 as compared to $614.9 million in 2021. The increase was primarily driven
         by an increase in acquisition and integration related costs, as well as higher compensation costs, investments in capabilities and
         technology and broad-based marketplace inflation.
         Unallocated corporate expense totaled $614.9 million in 2021 as compared to $520.7 million in 2020 primarily driven by higher
         incentive compensation, higher group insurance costs from COVID-19-related delays in preventive care and incremental investments in
         capabilities and technology.

         LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
         We assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate cash to fund our operating, investing and financing activities. Significant
         factors affecting liquidity include cash flows generated from operating activities, capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividends,
         repurchases of outstanding shares, the adequacy of available commercial paper and bank lines of credit, and the ability to attract long-
         term capital with satisfactory terms. We generate substantial amounts of cash from operations and remain in a strong financial position,
         with sufficient liquidity available for capital reinvestment, strategic acquisitions and the payment of dividends.

         Cash Flow Summary
         The following table is derived from our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows:
             In millions of dollars                                                                 2022               2021               2020
             Net cash provided by (used in):
             Operating activities                                                             $        2,327.8 $          2,082.9 $         1,699.6
             Investing activities                                                                       (787.4)          (2,222.8)           (531.3)
             Financing activities                                                                     (1,415.7)            (681.1)           (499.2)
             Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                  9.9               (5.1)              (7.0)
             Less: Cash classified as assets held for sale                                                  —                11.4              (11.4)
             Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                 $          134.6 $           (814.7) $          650.7

         Operating activities
         Our principal source of liquidity is cash flow from operations. Our net income and, consequently, our cash provided by operations are
         impacted by sales volume, seasonal sales patterns, timing of new product introductions, profit margins and price changes. Sales are
         typically higher during the third and fourth quarters of the year due to seasonal and holiday-related sales patterns. Generally, working
         capital needs peak during the summer months. We meet these needs primarily with cash on hand, bank borrowings or the issuance of
         commercial paper.

         We generated cash of $2.3 billion from operating activities in 2022, an increase of $244.9 million compared to $2.1 billion in 2021. This
         increase in net cash provided by operating activities was mainly driven by the following factors:
         • In the aggregate, select net working capital items, specifically, trade accounts receivable, inventory, accounts payable and accrued
              liabilities, consumed cash of $9 million in 2022 and generated cash of $47 million in 2021. This $56 million fluctuation was mainly
              driven by a higher year-over-year build up of U.S. inventories to satisfy product requirements and maintain sufficient levels to
              accommodate customer requirements, partially offset by the timing of vendor and supplier payments.

         •        Net income adjusted for non-cash charges to operations (including depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation, deferred
                  income taxes, write-down of equity investments and other charges) resulted in $348 million of higher cash flow in 2022 relative to
                  2021.



             Table of Contents                            The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 31




39 sur 132                                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




40 sur 132                                                      4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                        https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




         We generated cash of $2.1 billion from operating activities in 2021, an increase of $383.3 million compared to $1.7 billion in 2020. This
         increase in net cash provided by operating activities was mainly driven by the following factors:

         •       In the aggregate, select net working capital items, specifically, trade accounts receivable, inventory, accounts payable and accrued
                 liabilities, generated cash of $47 million in 2021 and consumed cash of $166 million in 2020. This $213 million fluctuation was
                 mainly driven by strong demand of U.S. inventories, specifically our everyday core U.S. confection brands and salty snack brands.

         •       Net income adjusted for non-cash charges to operations (including depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation, deferred
                 income taxes, long-lived asset charges, write-down of equity investments and other charges) resulted in $185 million of higher cash
                 flow in 2021 relative to 2020.

         Pension and Post-Retirement Activity. We recorded net periodic benefit costs of $36.3 million, $28.4 million and $34.5 million in 2022,
         2021 and 2020, respectively, relating to our benefit plans (including our defined benefit and other post retirement plans). The main
         drivers of fluctuations in expense from year to year are assumptions in formulating our long-term estimates, including discount rates
         used to value plan obligations, expected returns on plan assets, the service and interest costs and the amortization of actuarial gains and
         losses.

         The funded status of our qualified defined benefit pension plans is dependent upon many factors, including returns on invested assets,
         the level of market interest rates and the level of funding. We contribute cash to our plans at our discretion, subject to applicable
         regulations and minimum contribution requirements. Cash contributions to our pension and post retirement plans totaled $78.5 million,
         $51.1 million and $11.7 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

         Investing activities
         Our principal uses of cash for investment purposes relate to purchases of property, plant and equipment and capitalized software, as well
         as acquisitions of businesses, partially offset by proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment. We used cash of $787.4 million
         for investing activities in 2022 compared to $2.2 billion in 2021, with the decrease in cash spend driven by lower levels of acquisition
         activity, partially offset by higher capital spend and investment tax credits. We used cash of $531.3 million for investing activities in
         2020, with the increase in 2021 in cash spend driven by higher levels acquisition activity.

         Primary investing activities include the following:

         •       Capital spending. Capital expenditures, including capitalized software, primarily to support our ERP system implementation,
                 capacity expansion, innovation and cost savings, were $519.5 million in 2022, $495.9 million in 2021 and $441.6 million in 2020.
                 For each of the years presented, our expenditures increased due to progress on capacity expansion projects and our ERP system
                 implementation. We expect 2023 capital expenditures, including capitalized software, to approximate $800 million to $900 million.
                 The increase in our 2023 capital expenditures is largely driven by our key strategic initiatives, including core confection capacity
                 expansion and continued investments in a digital infrastructure including the build and upgrade of a new ERP system across the
                 enterprise. We intend to use our existing cash and internally generated funds to meet our 2023 capital requirements.

         •       Investments in partnerships qualifying for tax credits. We make investments in partnership entities that in turn make equity
                 investments in projects eligible to receive federal historic and energy tax credits. We invested approximately $275.5 million in
                 2022, $128.4 million in 2021 and $87.2 million in 2020 in projects qualifying for tax credits.

         •       Business acquisitions. In 2022 and 2020, we had no acquisition activity. In 2021, we spent an aggregate $1.6 billion to acquire
                 Lily's (June 2021), as well as Dot’s and Pretzels (December 2021). Further details regarding our business acquisition activity is
                 provided in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


         •       Other investing activities. In 2022, 2021, and 2020, our other investing activities were minimal.




             Table of Contents                            The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 32




41 sur 132                                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                        https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




         Financing activities
         Our cash flow from financing activities generally relates to the use of cash for purchases of our Common Stock and payment of
         dividends, offset by net borrowing activity and proceeds from the exercise of stock options. Financing activities in 2022 used cash of
         $1.4 billion, compared to cash used of $681.1 million in 2021. We used cash of $499.2 million for financing activities in 2020.

         The majority of our financing activity was attributed to the following:

         •       Short-term borrowings, net. In addition to utilizing cash on hand, we use short-term borrowings (commercial paper and bank
                 borrowings) to fund seasonal working capital requirements and ongoing business needs. In 2022, used cash of $245.6 million to
                 reduce a portion of our short-term commercial paper borrowings originally used to fund our 2021 acquisitions of Dot’s and
                 Pretzels, partially offset by an increase in short-term foreign bank borrowings. In 2021, we generated cash flow of $869.0 million
                 predominantly through the issuance of short-term commercial paper. In 2020, we generated cash flow of $41.8 million due to an
                 increase in short-term foreign bank borrowings.

         •       Long-term debt borrowings and repayments. In 2022, long-term debt activity was minimal. In February 2021 and May 2021, we
                 repaid $84.7 million of 8.800% Debentures and $350 million of 3.100% Notes due upon their maturities, respectively. In May
                 2020, we issued $300 million of 0.900% Notes due in 2025, $350 million of 1.700% Notes due in 2030 and $350 million of
                 2.650% Notes due in 2050 (the “2020 Notes”). Proceeds from the issuance of the 2020 Notes, net of discounts and issuance costs,
                 totaled $989.9 million. Additionally, in May 2020 and December 2020, we repaid $350 million of 2.900% Notes and $350 million
                 of 4.125% Notes due upon their maturities, respectively. In 2023, we expect our long-term debt repayments to approximate $750
                 million upon the maturity of $250 million of 2.625% Notes and $500 million of 3.375% Notes, both due in May 2023.

         •       Dividend payments. Total dividend payments to holders of our Common Stock and Class B Common Stock were $775.0 million in
                 2022, $686.0 million in 2021 and $640.7 million in 2020. Dividends per share of Common Stock increased 13.6% to $3.874 per
                 share in 2022 compared to $3.410 per share in 2021, while dividends per share of Class B Common Stock increased 13.6% in
                 2022. Details regarding our 2022 cash dividends paid to stockholders are as follows:

                                                                                               Quarter Ended
             In millions of dollars except per
             share amounts                            April 3, 2022             July 3, 2022             October 2, 2022         December 31, 2022
             Dividends paid per share –
             Common stock                        $                0.901   $                0.901     $               1.036   $                1.036
             Dividends paid per share – Class
             B common stock                      $               0.819 $                   0.819 $                   0.942 $                 0.942
             Total cash dividends paid           $               181.1 $                   179.9 $                   207.0 $                 207.0
             Declaration date                          February 2, 2022            April 27, 2022             July 27, 2022        November 2, 2022
             Record date                              February 18, 2022            May 20, 2022             August 19, 2022       November 18, 2022
             Payment date                               March 15, 2022             June 15, 2022         September 15, 2022       December 15, 2022




             Table of Contents                           The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 33




42 sur 132                                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                         https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




         •       Share repurchases. We repurchase shares of Common Stock to offset the dilutive impact of treasury shares issued under our equity
                 compensation plans. The value of these share repurchases in a given period varies based on the volume of stock options exercised
                 and our market price. In addition, we periodically repurchase shares of Common Stock pursuant to Board-authorized programs
                 intended to drive additional stockholder value. Details regarding our share repurchases are as follows:

             In millions                                                                                   2022              2021             2020
             Milton Hershey School Trust repurchase (1)                                              $         203.4   $            —     $          —
             Shares repurchased in the open market under pre-approved share repurchase
             programs (2)                                                                                         —             150.0             150.0
             Shares repurchased in the open market to replace Treasury Stock issued for stock
             options and incentive compensation                                                      $         185.6 $          308.0 $            61.2
             Cash used for total share repurchases                                                              389.0            458.0             211.2
             Total shares repurchased under pre-approved share repurchase programs                                —                 0.9              1.0

                 (1) In February 2022, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Hershey Trust Company, as trustee for the
                 School Trust, pursuant to which the Company purchased 1,000,000 shares of the Company’s Common Stock from the School Trust
                 at a price equal to $203.35 per share, for a total purchase price of $203.4 million.

                 (2) In July 2018, our Board of Directors approved a $500 million share repurchase authorization. As of December 31, 2022,
                 approximately $110 million remained available for repurchases of our Common Stock under this program. In May 2021, our Board
                 of Directors approved an additional $500 million share repurchase authorization. This program is to commence after the existing
                 2018 authorization is completed and is to be utilized at management’s discretion. These share repurchase programs do not have an
                 expiration date. We expect 2023 share repurchases to be in line with our traditional buyback strategy.

                 Additionally, in February 2023, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Hershey Trust Company, as trustee for
                 the School Trust, pursuant to which the Company purchased 1,000,000 shares of the Company’s Common Stock from the School
                 Trust at a price equal to $239.91 per share, for a total purchase price of $239.9 million. As a result of this repurchase, our July 2018
                 share repurchase authorization program was completed in February 2023, and approximately $370 million remains available for
                 repurchases under our May 2021 share repurchase authorization.

         •       Proceeds from the exercise of stock options, including tax benefits. In 2022 we received $34.2 million from employee exercises of
                 stock options and paid $35.5 million of employee taxes withheld from share-based awards. We received $33.2 million and $25.5
                 million from employee exercises of stock options, net of employee taxes withheld from share-based awards in 2021 and 2020,
                 respectively. Variances are driven primarily by the number of shares exercised and the share price at the date of grant.




             Table of Contents                            The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 34




43 sur 132                                                                                                                                     4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                      https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




         Financial Condition
         At December 31, 2022, our cash and cash equivalents totaled $463.9 million. At December 31, 2021, our cash and cash equivalents
         totaled $329.3 million. Our cash and cash equivalents at the end of 2022 increased $134.6 million compared to the 2021 year-end
         balance as a result of the net sources of cash outlined in the previous discussion.

         Approximately 90% of the balance of our cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 was held by subsidiaries domiciled outside
         of the United States. A majority of this balance is distributable to the United States without material tax implications, such as
         withholding tax. We intend to continue to reinvest the remainder of the earnings outside of the United States for which there would be a
         material tax implication to distributing for the foreseeable future and, therefore, have not recognized additional tax expense on these
         earnings. We believe that our existing sources of liquidity are adequate to meet anticipated funding needs at comparable risk-based
         interest rates for the foreseeable future. Acquisition spending and/or share repurchases could potentially increase our debt. Operating
         cash flow and access to capital markets are expected to satisfy our various short- and long-term cash flow requirements, including
         acquisitions and capital expenditures.

         We maintain debt levels we consider prudent based on our cash flow, interest coverage ratio and percentage of debt to capital. We use
         debt financing to lower our overall cost of capital which increases our return on stockholders’ equity. Our total short- and long-term
         debt was $4.8 billion at December 31, 2022 and $5.0 billion at December 31, 2021. Our total debt decreased in 2022 mainly due the
         repayment of short-term commercial paper borrowings originally used to fund our 2021 acquisitions of Dot’s and Pretzels.

         As a source of short-term financing, we maintain a $1.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility with the option to increase
         borrowings by an additional $500 million with the consent of the lenders. As of December 31, 2022, the termination date of this
         agreement is July 2, 2024, however, we may extend the termination date for up to two additional one-year periods upon notice to the
         administrative agent under the facility. We may use these funds for general corporate purposes, including commercial paper backstop
         and business acquisitions. As of December 31, 2022, we had $942 million of available capacity under the agreement. The unsecured
         revolving credit agreement contains certain financial and other covenants, customary representations, warranties and events of default.
         We were in compliance with all covenants as of December 31, 2022.

         In addition to the revolving credit facility, we maintain lines of credit in various currencies with domestic and international commercial
         banks. As of December 31, 2022, we had available capacity of $178 million under these lines of credit.

         Furthermore, we have a current shelf registration statement filed with the SEC that allows for the issuance of an indeterminate amount
         of debt securities. Proceeds from the debt issuances and any other offerings under the current registration statement may be used for
         general corporate requirements, including reducing existing borrowings, financing capital additions and funding contributions to our
         pension plans, future business acquisitions and working capital requirements.

         Our ability to obtain debt financing at comparable risk-based interest rates is partly a function of our existing cash-flow-to-debt and
         debt-to-capitalization levels as well as our current credit rating.

         We believe that our existing sources of liquidity are adequate to meet anticipated funding needs at comparable risk-based interest rates
         for the foreseeable future. Acquisition spending and/or share repurchases could potentially increase our debt. Operating cash flow and
         access to capital markets are expected to satisfy our various short- and long-term cash flow requirements, including acquisitions and
         capital expenditures.




             Table of Contents                         The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 35




44 sur 132                                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                                   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




         Equity Structure
         We have two classes of stock outstanding – Common Stock and Class B Stock. Holders of the Common Stock and the Class B Stock
         generally vote together without regard to class on matters submitted to stockholders, including the election of directors. Holders of the
         Common Stock have 1 vote per share. Holders of the Class B Stock have 10 votes per share. Holders of the Common Stock, voting
         separately as a class, are entitled to elect one-sixth of our Board. With respect to dividend rights, holders of the Common Stock are
         entitled to cash dividends 10% higher than those declared and paid on the Class B Stock.

         Hershey Trust Company, as trustee for the trust established by Milton S. and Catherine S. Hershey that has as its sole beneficiary Milton
         Hershey School, maintains voting control over The Hershey Company. In addition, three representatives of Hershey Trust Company
         currently serve as members of the Company's Board. In performing their responsibilities on the Company’s Board, these representatives
         may from time to time exercise influence with regard to the ongoing business decisions of our Board or management. Hershey Trust
         Company, as trustee for the Trust, in its role as controlling stockholder of the Company, has indicated it intends to retain its controlling
         interest in The Hershey Company. The Company’s Board, and not the Hershey Trust Company board, is solely responsible and
         accountable for the Company’s management and performance.

         Pennsylvania law requires that the Office of Attorney General be provided advance notice of any transaction that would result in
         Hershey Trust Company, as trustee for the Trust, no longer having voting control of the Company. The law provides specific statutory
         authority for the Attorney General to intercede and petition the court having jurisdiction over Hershey Trust Company, as trustee for the
         Trust, to stop such a transaction if the Attorney General can prove that the transaction is unnecessary for the future economic viability
         of the Company and is inconsistent with investment and management considerations under fiduciary obligations. This legislation makes
         it more difficult for a third party to acquire a majority of our outstanding voting stock and thereby may delay or prevent a change in
         control of the Company.

         Material Cash Requirements
         The following table summarizes our future material cash requirements as of December 31, 2022:
                                                                                                             Payments due by Period
                                                                                               Less than 1                                            More than 5
             In millions of dollars                                              Total            year             1-3 years          3-5 years         years
             Short-term debt (primarily U.S. commercial paper)             $         693.8   $          693.8 $              — $               —    $            —
             Long-term notes (excluding finance lease obligations)                 4,043.6              750.0             900.0             693.6           1,700.0
             Interest expense (1)                                                  1,080.8               99.0             164.3             120.2             697.3
             Operating lease obligations (2)                                         419.7               41.4              66.3              47.4             264.6
             Finance lease obligations (3)                                           171.4                8.3              13.0               8.1             142.0
             Unconditional purchase obligations (4)                                2,246.4            1,871.0             215.1              25.0             135.3
             Total obligations                                             $       8,655.7   $       3,463.5    $       1,358.7   $         894.3   $       2,939.2


         (1) Includes the net interest payments on fixed rate debt associated with long-term notes.
         (2) Includes the minimum rental commitments (including imputed interest) under non-cancelable operating leases primarily for offices, retail stores,
         warehouses and distribution facilities.
         (3) Includes the minimum rental commitments (including imputed interest) under non-cancelable finance leases primarily for offices and warehouse
         facilities, as well as vehicles.
         (4) Purchase obligations consist primarily of fixed commitments for the purchase of raw materials to be utilized in the normal course of business.
         Amounts presented include fixed price forward contracts and unpriced contracts that were valued using market prices as of December 31, 2022. The
         amounts presented in the table do not include items already recorded in accounts payable or accrued liabilities at year-end 2022, nor does the table
         reflect cash flows we are likely to incur based on our plans, but are not obligated to incur. Such amounts are part of normal operations and are reflected
         in historical operating cash flow trends. We do not believe such purchase obligations will adversely affect our liquidity position.




             Table of Contents                                       The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 36




45 sur 132                                                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                      https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




         In entering into contractual obligations, we have assumed the risk that might arise from the possible inability of counterparties to meet
         the terms of their contracts. We mitigate this risk by performing financial assessments prior to contract execution, conducting periodic
         evaluations of counterparty performance and maintaining a diverse portfolio of qualified counterparties. Our risk is limited to replacing
         the contracts at prevailing market rates. We do not expect any significant losses resulting from counterparty defaults.

         These obligations impact our liquidity and capital resource needs. To meet those cash requirements, we intend to use our existing cash
         and internally generated funds. To the extent necessary, we may also borrow under our existing unsecured revolving credit facility or
         under other short-term borrowings, and depending on market conditions and upon the significance of the cost of a particular Note
         maturity or acquisition to our then-available sources of funds, to obtain additional short- and long-term financing. We believe that cash
         provided from these sources will be adequate to meet our future short- and long-term cash requirements.

         Asset Retirement Obligations
         We have a number of facilities that contain varying amounts of asbestos in certain locations within the facilities. Our asbestos
         management program is compliant with current applicable regulations, which require that we handle or dispose of asbestos in a
         specified manner if such facilities undergo major renovations or are demolished. We do not have sufficient information to estimate the
         fair value of any asset retirement obligations related to these facilities. We cannot specify the settlement date or range of potential
         settlement dates and, therefore, sufficient information is not available to apply an expected present value technique. We expect to
         maintain the facilities with repairs and maintenance activities that would not involve or require the removal of significant quantities of
         asbestos.

         Income Tax Obligations
         Liabilities for unrecognized income tax benefits are excluded from the table above as we are unable to reasonably predict the ultimate
         amount or timing of a settlement of these potential liabilities. See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more
         information.

         Recent Accounting Pronouncements
         Information on recently adopted and issued accounting standards is included in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.




             Table of Contents                         The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 37




46 sur 132                                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                        https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




         CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES
         The preparation of financial statements requires management to use judgment and make estimates and assumptions. We believe that our
         most critical accounting policies and estimates relate to the following:

                 •    Accrued Liabilities for Trade Promotion Activities
                 •    Pension and Other Post-Retirement Benefits Plans
                 •    Business Acquisitions, Valuation and Impairment of Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
                 •    Income Taxes

         Management has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of critical accounting policies and estimates with the Audit
         Committee of our Board. While we base estimates and assumptions on our knowledge of current events and actions we may undertake
         in the future, actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates and assumptions. Other significant accounting policies are
         outlined in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

         Accrued Liabilities for Trade Promotion Activities
         We promote our products with advertising, trade promotions and consumer incentives. These programs include, but are not limited to,
         discounts, coupons, rebates, in-store display incentives and volume-based incentives. We expense advertising costs and other direct
         marketing expenses as incurred. We recognize the costs of trade promotion and consumer incentive activities as a reduction to net sales
         along with a corresponding accrued liability based on estimates at the time of revenue recognition. These estimates are based on our
         analysis of the programs offered, historical trends, expectations regarding customer and consumer participation, sales and payment
         trends and our experience with payment patterns associated with similar programs offered in the past. The estimated costs of these
         programs are reasonably likely to change in future periods due to changes in trends with regard to customer and consumer participation,
         particularly for new programs and for programs related to the introduction of new products. Differences between estimated expense and
         actual program performance are recognized as a change in estimate in a subsequent period and are normally not significant. During
         2022, 2021, and 2020, actual annual promotional costs have not deviated from the estimated amount by more than 3%. Our trade
         promotion and consumer incentive accrued liabilities totaled $215.7 million and $174.0 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
         respectively.

         Pension and Other Post-Retirement Benefits Plans
         We sponsor various defined benefit pension plans. The primary plans are The Hershey Company Retirement Plan and The Hershey
         Company Retirement Plan for Hourly Employees, which are cash balance plans that provide pension benefits for most U.S. employees
         hired prior to January 1, 2007. We also sponsor two primary other post-employment benefit (“OPEB”) plans, consisting of a health care
         plan and life insurance plan for retirees. The health care plan is contributory, with participants’ contributions adjusted annually, and the
         life insurance plan is non-contributory.

         For accounting purposes, the defined benefit pension and OPEB plans require assumptions to estimate the projected and accumulated
         benefit obligations, including the following variables: discount rate; expected salary increases; certain employee-related factors, such as
         turnover, retirement age and mortality; expected return on assets; and health care cost trend rates. These and other assumptions affect
         the annual expense and obligations recognized for the underlying plans. Our assumptions reflect our historical experiences and
         management’s best judgment regarding future expectations. Our related accounting policies, accounting balances and plan assumptions
         are discussed in Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

         Pension Plans
         Changes in certain assumptions could significantly affect pension expense and benefit obligations, particularly the estimated long-term
         rate of return on plan assets and the discount rates used to calculate such obligations:

         •       Long-term rate of return on plan assets. The expected long-term rate of return is evaluated on an annual basis. We consider a
                 number of factors when setting assumptions with respect to the long-term rate of return, including current and expected asset
                 allocation and historical and expected returns on the plan asset categories. Actual asset allocations are regularly reviewed and
                 periodically rebalanced to the targeted allocations when considered appropriate. Investment gains or losses represent the difference
                 between the expected return estimated using the
             Table of Contents                           The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 38




47 sur 132                                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




48 sur 132                                                      4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                        https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




                 long-term rate of return and the actual return realized. For 2022, we increased the expected return on plan assets assumption to
                 6.3% from the 4.9% assumption used during 2021. The historical average return (compounded annually) over the 20 years prior to
                 December 31, 2022 was approximately 6.4%.

                 As of December 31, 2022, our primary plans had cumulative unrecognized investment and actuarial losses of approximately $213
                 million. We amortize the unrecognized net actuarial gains and losses in excess of the corridor amount, which is the greater of 10%
                 of a respective plan’s projected benefit obligation or the fair market value of plan assets. These unrecognized net losses may
                 increase future pension expense if not offset by (i) actual investment returns that exceed the expected long-term rate of investment
                 returns, (ii) other factors, including reduced pension liabilities arising from higher discount rates used to calculate pension
                 obligations or (iii) other actuarial gains when actual plan experience is favorable as compared to the assumed experience. A 100
                 basis point decrease or increase in the long-term rate of return on pension assets would correspondingly increase or decrease annual
                 net periodic pension benefit expense by approximately $7 million.

         •       Discount rate. We utilize a full yield curve approach in the estimation of service and interest costs by applying the specific spot
                 rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows. This approach
                 provides a more precise measurement of service and interest costs by improving the correlation between the projected cash flows to
                 the corresponding spot rates along the yield curve. This approach does not affect the measurement of our pension and other post-
                 retirement benefit liabilities but generally results in lower benefit expense in periods when the yield curve is upward sloping.

                 A 100 basis point decrease (increase) in the weighted-average pension discount rate would increase (decrease) annual net periodic
                 pension benefit expense by approximately $5 million and the December 31, 2022 pension liability would increase by
                 approximately $57 million or decrease by approximately $50 million, respectively.
         Pension expense for defined benefit pension plans is expected to be approximately $21 million in 2023. Pension expense beyond 2023
         will depend on future investment performance, our contributions to the pension trusts, changes in discount rates and various other
         factors related to the covered employees in the plans.
         Other Post-Employment Benefit Plans

         Changes in significant assumptions could affect consolidated expense and benefit obligations, particularly the discount rates used to
         calculate such obligations:

         •       Discount rate. The determination of the discount rate used to calculate the benefit obligations of the OPEB plans is discussed in the
                 pension plans section above. A 100 basis point decrease (increase) in the discount rate assumption for these plans would not be
                 material to the OPEB plans’ consolidated expense and the December 31, 2022 benefit liability would increase by approximately
                 $13 million or decrease by approximately $12 million, respectively.

         Business Acquisitions, Valuation and Impairment of Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
         We use the acquisition method of accounting for business acquisitions. Under the acquisition method, the results of operations of the
         acquired business have been included in the consolidated financial statements since the respective dates of the acquisitions. The assets
         acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their respective estimated fair values at the date of the acquisition. Any excess of the
         purchase price over the estimated fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Significant judgment is
         often required in estimating the fair value of assets acquired, particularly intangible assets. As a result, we normally obtain the
         assistance of a third-party valuation specialist in estimating fair values of tangible and intangible assets. The fair value estimates are
         based on available historical information and on expectations and assumptions about the future, considering the perspective of
         marketplace participants. While management believes those expectations and assumptions are reasonable, they are inherently uncertain.
         Unanticipated market or macroeconomic events and circumstances may occur, which could affect the accuracy or validity of the
         estimates and assumptions.

         Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized, but instead, are evaluated for impairment annually or more often if
         indicators of a potential impairment are present. Our annual impairment tests are conducted at the beginning of the fourth quarter.




             Table of Contents                            The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 39




49 sur 132                                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




50 sur 132                                                      4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                        https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




         We test goodwill for impairment by performing either a qualitative or quantitative assessment. If we choose to perform a qualitative
         assessment, we evaluate economic, industry and company-specific factors in assessing the fair value of the related reporting unit. If we
         determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, a quantitative test is then
         performed. Otherwise, no further testing is required. For those reporting units tested using a quantitative approach, we compare the fair
         value of each reporting unit with the carrying amount of the reporting unit, including goodwill. If the estimated fair value of the
         reporting unit is less than the carrying amount of the reporting unit, impairment is indicated, requiring recognition of a goodwill
         impairment charge for the differential (up to the carrying value of goodwill). We test individual indefinite-lived intangible assets by
         comparing the estimated fair values with the book values of each asset.

         We determine the fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets using an income approach. Under the income
         approach, we calculate the fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets based on the present value of estimated
         future cash flows. Considerable management judgment is necessary to evaluate the impact of operating and macroeconomic changes
         and to estimate the future cash flows used to measure fair value. Our estimates of future cash flows consider past performance, current
         and anticipated market conditions and internal projections and operating plans which incorporate estimates for sales growth and
         profitability, and cash flows associated with taxes and capital spending. Additional assumptions include forecasted growth rates,
         estimated discount rates, which may be risk-adjusted for the operating market of the reporting unit, and estimated royalty rates that
         would be charged for comparable branded licenses. We believe such assumptions also reflect current and anticipated market conditions
         and are consistent with those that would be used by other marketplace participants for similar valuation purposes. Such assumptions are
         subject to change due to changing economic and competitive conditions.

         We also have intangible assets, consisting primarily of certain trademarks, customer-related intangible assets and patents obtained
         through business acquisitions, that are expected to have determinable useful lives. The costs of finite-lived intangible assets are
         amortized to expense over their estimated lives. Our estimates of the useful lives of finite-lived intangible assets consider judgments
         regarding the future effects of obsolescence, demand, competition and other economic factors. We conduct impairment tests when
         events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these finite-lived assets may not be recoverable. Undiscounted
         cash flow analyses are used to determine if an impairment exists. If an impairment is determined to exist, the loss is calculated based on
         the estimated fair value of the assets.

         Results of Impairment Tests

         At December 31, 2022, the net book value of our goodwill totaled $2.6 billion. As it relates to our 2022 annual testing performed at the
         beginning of the fourth quarter, we tested all of our reporting units using a qualitative assessment and determined that no quantitative
         testing was deemed necessary. Based on our testing, all of our reporting units had an excess fair value well over the their respective
         carrying values. There were no other events or circumstances that would indicate that impairment may exist. We had no goodwill
         impairment charges in 2022, 2021 or 2020.

         Income Taxes
         We base our deferred income taxes, accrued income taxes and provision for income taxes upon income, statutory tax rates, the legal
         structure of our Company, interpretation of tax laws and tax planning opportunities available to us in the various jurisdictions in which
         we operate. We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions. We are regularly
         audited by federal, state and foreign tax authorities; a number of years may elapse before an uncertain tax position, for which we have
         unrecognized tax benefits, is audited and finally resolved. From time to time, these audits result in assessments of additional tax. We
         maintain reserves for such assessments.

         We apply a more-likely-than-not threshold to the recognition and derecognition of uncertain tax positions. Accordingly, we recognize
         the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement. Future changes in
         judgments and estimates related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions will affect income in the quarter of such
         change. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular uncertain tax position, we
         believe that our unrecognized tax benefits reflect the most likely outcome. Accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax
         benefits are included in income tax expense. We adjust these unrecognized tax benefits, as well as the related interest, in light of




             Table of Contents                           The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 40




51 sur 132                                                                                                                                     4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




52 sur 132                                                      4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                        https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




         changing facts and circumstances, such as receiving audit assessments or clearing of an item for which a reserve has been established.
         Settlement of any particular position could require the use of cash. Favorable resolution would be recognized as a reduction to our
         effective income tax rate in the period of resolution.

         We believe it is more likely than not that the results of future operations will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the deferred
         tax assets, net of valuation allowances. Our valuation allowances are primarily related to U.S. capital loss carryforwards and various
         foreign jurisdictions’ net operating loss carryforwards and other deferred tax assets for which we do not expect to realize a benefit.
         Refer to Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of our deferred tax assets and liabilities.

             Item 7A.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
         We use certain derivative instruments to manage our interest rate, foreign currency exchange rate and commodity price risks. We
         monitor and manage these exposures as part of our overall risk management program.

         We enter into interest rate swap agreements and foreign currency forward exchange contracts for periods consistent with related
         underlying exposures. We enter into commodities futures and options contracts and other derivative instruments for varying periods.
         These commodity derivative instruments are intended to be, and are effective as, economic hedges of market price risks associated with
         anticipated raw material purchases, energy requirements and transportation costs. We do not hold or issue derivative instruments for
         trading purposes and are not a party to any instruments with leverage or prepayment features.

         In entering into these contracts, we have assumed the risk that might arise from the possible inability of counterparties to meet the terms
         of their contracts. We mitigate this risk by entering into exchange-traded contracts with collateral posting requirements and/or by
         performing financial assessments prior to contract execution, conducting periodic evaluations of counterparty performance and
         maintaining a diverse portfolio of qualified counterparties. We do not expect any significant losses from counterparty defaults.

         Refer to Note 1 and Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of these derivative instruments and our
         hedging policies.

         Interest Rate Risk
         In December 2020, our fixed-to-floating interest rate swap matured in connection with the repayment of certain long-term debt upon its
         maturity. Therefore, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had no interest rate swap derivative instruments in a fair
         value hedging relationship. Prior to maturing in December 2020, the total notional amount of interest rate swaps was $350 million. The
         notional amount relates to fixed-to-floating interest rate swaps which convert a comparable amount of fixed-rate debt to variable rate
         debt. A hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates applied to this variable-rate debt through its December 2020 maturity
         would have increased interest expense by approximately $3.2 million for 2020.

         In addition, the total amount of short-term debt, net of cash, amounted to net debt of $230 million and net debt of $610 million,
         respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. A hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates applied to this variable-rate short-
         term debt as of December 31, 2022 would have changed interest expense by approximately $4.5 million for 2022 and $2.4 million
         for 2021.

         We consider our current risk related to market fluctuations in interest rates on our remaining debt portfolio, excluding fixed-rate debt
         converted to variable rates with fixed-to-floating instruments, to be minimal since this debt is largely long-term and fixed-rate in nature.
         Generally, the fair market value of fixed-rate debt will increase as interest rates fall and decrease as interest rates rise. A 100 basis point
         increase in market interest rates would decrease the fair value of our fixed-rate long-term debt at December 31, 2022 and December 31,
         2021 by approximately $187 million and $319 million, respectively. However, since we currently have no plans to repurchase our
         outstanding fixed-rate instruments before their maturities, the impact of market interest rate fluctuations on our long-term debt does not
         affect our results of operations or financial position.




             Table of Contents                          The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 41




53 sur 132                                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                       https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




         Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk
         We are exposed to currency fluctuations related to manufacturing or selling products in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. We may
         enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to reduce fluctuations in our long or short currency positions relating primarily
         to purchase commitments or forecasted purchases for equipment, raw materials and finished goods denominated in foreign currencies.
         We also may hedge payment of forecasted intercompany transactions with our subsidiaries outside of the United States. We generally
         hedge foreign currency price risks for periods from 3 to 12 months.

         A summary of foreign currency forward exchange contracts and the corresponding amounts at contracted forward rates is as follows:
             December 31,                                                        2022                                       2021
                                                                Contract              Primary               Contract             Primary
                                                                Amount               Currencies             Amount              Currencies
         In millions of dollars
                                                                                                                          Euros
             Foreign currency forward exchange contracts                       Euros                                      Malaysian ringgit
             to purchase foreign currencies                   $ 58.3           Malaysian ringgit          $ 53.1          British pound
                                                                               Canadian dollars
                                                                               Brazilian reals                            Canadian dollars
             Foreign currency forward exchange contracts                       Japanese yen                               Brazilian reals
             to sell foreign currencies                       $ 119.6          Mexican Pesos              $ 144.7         Japanese yen

         The fair value of foreign currency forward exchange contracts represents the difference between the contracted and current market
         foreign currency exchange rates at the end of the period. We estimate the fair value of foreign currency forward exchange contracts on a
         quarterly basis by obtaining market quotes of spot and forward rates for contracts with similar terms, adjusted where necessary for
         maturity differences. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the net fair value of these instruments was an asset of $3.9 million and an asset
         of $2.8 million, respectively. In addition, assuming an unfavorable 10% change in year-end foreign currency exchange rates, the fair
         value of these instruments would have declined by $18.4 million and $24.8 million, respectively, generally offset by a reduction in
         foreign exchange associated with our transactional activities.

         Commodities—Price Risk Management and Futures Contracts
         Our most significant raw material requirements include cocoa products, sugar, corn products, dairy products, wheat, peanuts and
         almonds. The cost of cocoa products and prices for related futures contracts and costs for certain other raw materials historically have
         been subject to wide fluctuations attributable to a variety of factors. These factors include:

                 •    Commodity market fluctuations;
                 •    Currency exchanges rates;
                 •    Imbalances between supply and demand;
                 •    Rising levels of inflation and interest rates related to domestic and global economic conditions or supply chain issues;
                 •    The effects of climate change and extreme weather on crop yield and quality;
                 •    Speculative influences;
                 •    Trade agreements among producing and consuming nations;
                 •    Supplier compliance with commitments;
                 •    Import/export requirements for raw materials and finished goods;
                 •    Political unrest in producing countries;
                 •    Introduction of living income premiums or similar requirements;
                 •    Changes in governmental agricultural programs and energy policies; and
                 •    Other events beyond our control such as the impacts on the business or supply chain arising from the conflict between Russia
                      and Ukraine.




             Table of Contents                           The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 42




54 sur 132                                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




         We use futures and options contracts and other commodity derivative instruments in combination with forward purchasing of cocoa
         products, sugar, corn products, certain dairy products, wheat products, natural gas and diesel fuel primarily to mitigate price volatility
         and provide visibility to future costs within our supply chain. Currently, active futures contracts are not available for use in pricing our
         other major raw material requirements, primarily peanuts and almonds. We attempt to minimize the effect of future raw material and
         energy price fluctuations by using derivatives and forward purchasing to cover future manufacturing requirements generally for 3 to 24
         months. However, dairy futures liquidity is not as developed as many of the other commodity futures markets and, therefore, it can be
         difficult to hedge dairy costs for extended periods of time. We use diesel fuel futures to minimize price fluctuations associated with our
         transportation costs. Our commodity procurement practices are intended to mitigate price volatility and provide visibility to future costs,
         but also may potentially limit our ability to benefit from possible price decreases. Our costs for major raw materials will not necessarily
         reflect market price fluctuations because of our forward purchasing and hedging practices.

         Cocoa Products

         During 2022, average cocoa futures contract prices decreased 0.9% compared with 2021 and continued to trade in a narrow range
         between $1.06 and $1.22 per pound, based on the Intercontinental Exchange futures contract. Production was down significantly in
         Ghana by nearly 30%, while it was stable in the rest of West Africa. As consumption remained strong, the large surplus in the 2020 -
         2021 season became a small deficit in the 2022 season. The global surplus of the 2020 - 2021 season weighed on the price outlook for
         the first half of 2022 and the futures market corrected to accommodate the Living Income Differential being imposed by the Ghana and
         Ivory Coast cocoa marketing boards, leading to fairly similar price levels to the previous year. The table below shows annual average
         cocoa futures prices and the highest and lowest monthly averages for each of the calendar years indicated. The prices reflect the
         monthly averages of the quotations at noon of the three active futures trading contracts closest to maturity on the Intercontinental
         Exchange.
                                                                                                            Cocoa Futures Contract Prices
                                                                                                                (dollars per pound)
                                                                                         2022              2021          2020         2019          2018
             Annual Average                                                         $       1.13    $         1.14   $     1.11   $     1.03   $      1.06
             High                                                                           1.22              1.27         1.29         1.14          1.23
             Low                                                                            1.06              1.04         1.00         0.90          0.88
                         Source: International Cocoa Organization Quarterly Bulletin of Cocoa Statistics

         Our costs for cocoa products will not necessarily reflect market price fluctuations because of our forward purchasing and hedging
         practices, premiums and discounts reflective of varying delivery times, and supply and demand for our specific varieties and grades of
         cocoa liquor, cocoa butter and cocoa powder. As a result, the average futures contract prices are not necessarily indicative of our
         average costs.

         Sugar

         The price of sugar is subject to price supports under U.S. farm legislation. Such legislation establishes import quotas and duties to
         support the price of sugar. As a result, sugar prices paid by users in the U.S. are currently higher than prices on the world sugar market.
         The U.S. delivered east coast refined sugar prices traded in a range from $0.53 to $0.71 per pound during 2022. Prices were historically
         high throughout 2022 due to lack of imports by the U.S. government resulting in an extremely tight domestic raw sugar market and
         strong demand which resulted in a scarcity market for much of the year.

         Corn Products

         We use corn futures to price our corn sweetener product requirements. The conflict between Russia and Ukraine caused a tightness for
         global grain stocks in 2022. Corn prices traded in a range from $5.62 to $8.25 per bushel during 2022. Corn sweetener prices were also
         higher as strong demand resulted in a scarcity market during the year.




             Table of Contents                              The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 43




55 sur 132                                                                                                                                         4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                    https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




         Dairy Products

         During 2022 prices for fluid dairy milk ranged from a low of $0.23 per pound to a high of $0.26 per pound, on a Class IV milk basis.
         Fluid dairy milk prices were higher than 2021, driven by declines in U.S. milk production and higher global dairy demand.

         Wheat Products

         In 2022 we continued utilizing soft and hard wheat futures as a risk management tool for our flour purchasing. The conflict between
         Russia and Ukraine, in addition to poor U.S. weather, resulted in uncertainty in the wheat market and impacted global availability of
         supplies. Wheat stock levels were at historic 15-year lows and prices reached historic highs in 2022. Hard wheat prices traded in the
         range of $7.72 to $13.21 per bushel during 2022, while soft wheat prices traded in the range of $7.40 to $12.29 per bushel during 2022.

         Peanuts and Almonds

         Peanut prices in the U.S. ranged from a low of $0.55 per pound to a high of $0.64 per pound during 2022. Prices rose this year due to
         higher competing crop prices and a smaller peanut crop. Almond prices traded in the range of $2.00 per pound to $2.25 per pound
         during 2022. Prices were lower than 2021 as a result of large crop and high inventory levels.

         Changes in the Value of Futures Contracts

         We make or receive cash transfers to or from commodity futures brokers on a daily basis reflecting changes in the value of futures
         contracts on the Intercontinental Exchange or various other exchanges. These changes in value represent unrealized gains and losses.
         The cash transfers offset higher or lower cash requirements for the payment of future invoice prices of raw materials, energy
         requirements and transportation costs.

         Commodity Sensitivity Analysis

         Our open commodity derivative contracts had a notional value of $243.0 million as of December 31, 2022 and $313.2 million as of
         December 31, 2021. At the end of 2022, the potential change in fair value of commodity derivative instruments, assuming a 10%
         decrease in the underlying commodity price, would have increased our net unrealized losses in 2022 by $25.1 million, generally offset
         by a reduction in the cost of the underlying commodity purchases.




             Table of Contents                       The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 44




56 sur 132                                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                    https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




             Item 8.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

                                             INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
             Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 42)                                                 46
             Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting                   48
             Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020                                 50
             Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020                   51
             Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021                                                           52
             Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020                             53
             Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020                   54
             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                             55
               Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies                                                                  55
               Note 2 - Business Acquisitions and Divestitures                                                                      60
               Note 3 - Goodwill and Intangible Assets                                                                              64
               Note 4 - Short and Long-Term Debt                                                                                    64
               Note 5 - Derivative Instruments                                                                                      66
               Note 6 - Fair Value Measurements                                                                                     68
               Note 7 - Leases                                                                                                      70
               Note 8 - Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliates                                                                    72
               Note 9 - Business Realignment Activities                                                                             72
               Note 10 - Income Taxes                                                                                               74
               Note 11 - Pension and Other Post-Retirement Benefit Plans                                                            77
               Note 12 - Stock Compensation Plans                                                                                   83
               Note 13 - Segment Information                                                                                        86
               Note 14 - Equity and Treasury Stock Activity                                                                         88
               Note 15 - Commitments and Contingencies                                                                              90
               Note 16 - Earnings Per Share                                                                                         91
               Note 17 - Other (Income) Expense, Net                                                                                93
               Note 18 - Related Party Transactions                                                                                 99
               Note 19 - Supplemental Balance Sheet Information                                                                     94




             Table of Contents                        The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 45




57 sur 132                                                                                                                       4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                      https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




                                   REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


         To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of The Hershey Company

         Opinion on the Financial Statements

         We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The Hershey Company (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and
         2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows, and stockholders' equity for each of the three
         years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2)
         (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly,
         in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its
         cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
         principles.

         We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB),
         the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-
         Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our
         report dated February 17, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

         Basis for Opinion

         These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
         Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be
         independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of
         the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

         We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
         obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our
         audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
         fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
         the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and
         significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that
         our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

         Critical Audit Matter

         The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was
         communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to
         the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the
         critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by
         communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures
         to which it relates.




             Table of Contents                         The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 46




58 sur 132                                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                        https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




             Valuation of Accrued Liabilities for Trade Promotion Activities

             Description of the     The unsettled portion of the Company’s obligation for trade promotion activities at December 31, 2022 was
             Matter                 $215.7 million. As discussed in Note 1 of the consolidated financial statements, the Company promotes its
                                    products through programs such as, but not limited to, discounts, coupons, rebates, in-store display incentives,
                                    and volume-based incentives. The Company recognizes the estimated costs of these trade promotion activities
                                    as a component of variable consideration when determining the transaction price. The unsettled portion of the
                                    Company’s obligation for trade promotion activities is included in accrued liabilities in the consolidated
                                    balance sheet.

                                    Auditing management’s calculation of the unsettled portion of the Company’s obligation for trade promotion
                                    activities was highly subjective and required significant judgment as a result of the nature of the required
                                    estimates and assumptions. In particular, the estimates required an analysis of the programs offered,
                                    expectations regarding customer and consumer participation, historical sales and payment trends, and
                                    experience with payment patterns associated with similar programs offered in the past. The estimated cost of
                                    these programs is sensitive to changes in trends with regard to customer and consumer participation,
                                    particularly for new programs and for programs related to the introduction of new products.
             How We Addressed       We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of the controls
             the Matter in Our      related to the Company’s calculation of the accrued liabilities for trade promotion activities. For example, we
             Audit                  tested controls over management’s review of the completeness of the promotional activities as well as the
                                    significant assumptions and the data inputs utilized in the calculations.

                                    To test the unsettled portion of the Company’s obligation for trade promotion activities, we performed audit
                                    procedures that included, among others, assessing (1) the expected value estimation methodology used by
                                    management, (2) whether all material trade promotion activities were properly included in management’s
                                    estimate, and (3) the significant assumptions discussed above and the underlying data used in its analyses.
                                    Specifically, when evaluating the significant assumptions, we compared them to historical trends, third party
                                    data, and assumptions used in prior periods, and inspected management’s retrospective review of actual trade
                                    promotion activities compared to previous estimates. We also performed sensitivity analyses of significant
                                    assumptions to evaluate the changes in the estimate that would result from changes in the assumptions.

             /s/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP

             We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2016.

             Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
             February 17, 2023
                                                                                .




             Table of Contents                          The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 47




59 sur 132                                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                    https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




                                  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


         To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of The Hershey Company

         Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

         We have audited The Hershey Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria
         established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
         Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, The Hershey Company (the Company) maintained, in all material
         respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria.

         We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB),
         the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income,
         comprehensive income, cash flows, and stockholders' equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the
         related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) and our report dated February 17, 2023 expressed an
         unqualified opinion thereon.

         Basis for Opinion

         The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of
         the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Annual Report on Internal
         Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting
         based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the
         Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
         Commission and the PCAOB.

         We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
         obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

         Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness
         exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such
         other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

         Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

         A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
         financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
         principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the
         maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
         company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
         accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in
         accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding
         prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect
         on the financial statements.




             Table of Contents                        The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 48




60 sur 132                                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




61 sur 132                                                      4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                    https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




         Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
         of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
         conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


             /s/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP

             Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
             February 17, 2023




             Table of Contents                        The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 49




62 sur 132                                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                         https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




                                                               THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
                                                         (in thousands, except per share amounts)

             For the years ended December 31,                                               2022                2021               2020
             Net sales                                                               $      10,419,294      $    8,971,337   $      8,149,719
              Cost of sales                                                                  5,920,509           4,922,739          4,448,450
             Gross profit                                                                    4,498,785           4,048,598          3,701,269
              Selling, marketing and administrative expense                                  2,236,009           2,001,351          1,890,925
              Long-lived asset impairment charges                                                   —                   —                9,143
              Business realignment costs                                                         1,989               3,525             18,503
             Operating profit                                                                2,260,787           2,043,722          1,782,698
              Interest expense, net                                                            137,557             127,417            149,374
              Other (income) expense, net                                                      206,159             119,081            138,327
             Income before income taxes                                                      1,917,071           1,797,224          1,494,997
              Provision for income taxes                                                       272,254             314,405            219,584
             Net income including noncontrolling interest                                    1,644,817           1,482,819          1,275,413
              Less: Net gain (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest                         —                5,307              (3,295)
             Net income attributable to The Hershey Company                          $       1,644,817      $    1,477,512   $      1,278,708

             Net income per share—basic:
              Common stock                                                           $              8.22    $         7.34   $            6.30
              Class B common stock                                                   $              7.47    $         6.68   $            5.72

             Net income per share—diluted:
              Common stock                                                           $              7.96    $         7.11   $            6.11
              Class B common stock                                                   $              7.45    $         6.66   $            5.71

             Dividends paid per share:
              Common stock                                                           $            3.874     $        3.410   $           3.154
              Class B common stock                                                   $            3.522     $        3.100   $           2.866


                                                        See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.




             Table of Contents                             The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 50




63 sur 132                                                                                                                            4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




                                                                THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                                  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                     (in thousands)


                                                                                                           For the years ended December 31,
                                                                                  2022                                    2021                                  2020
                                                                                  Tax                                    Tax                                    Tax
                                                                Pre-Tax        (Expense)    After-Tax      Pre-Tax (Expense) After-Tax           Pre-Tax     (Expense)     After-Tax
                                                                Amount          Benefit     Amount         Amount      Benefit    Amount         Amount       Benefit      Amount
             Net income including noncontrolling interest                                  $1,644,817                            $1,482,819                               $1,275,413
             Other comprehensive income (loss), net of
             tax:
               Foreign currency translation adjustments:
                 Foreign currency translation losses during
                 period                                         $ (10,340) $         —        (10,340)    $ (1,500) $        —         (1,500)   $ (13,767) $      —         (13,767)
                 Reclassification to earnings due to the sale
                 of businesses                                           —           —             —         5,249           —          5,249          —           —              —
               Pension and post-retirement benefit plans:
                 Net actuarial (loss) gain                          (32,970)      7,481       (25,489)      67,728      (13,929)      53,799      (39,455)       9,351       (30,104)
                 Reclassification to earnings                        31,009      (7,392)       23,617       32,092       (8,067)      24,025       33,326       (8,240)       25,086
               Cash flow hedges:
                 Gains (losses) on cash flow hedging
                 derivatives                                         2,056          (74)        1,982       (1,551)      (2,989)      (4,540)        (780)       1,880         1,100
                 Reclassification to earnings                       10,200       (3,088)        7,112       18,117       (1,034)      17,083        7,779       (3,156)        4,623
             Total other comprehensive income (loss), net
             of tax                                             $       (45) $ (3,073)         (3,118)    $120,135    $ (26,019)       94,116    $ (12,897) $    (165)       (13,062)
             Total comprehensive income including
             noncontrolling interest                                                       $1,641,699                              $1,576,935                             $1,262,351
               Comprehensive gain (loss) attributable to
               noncontrolling interest                                                             —                                  10,556                                  (2,241)
             Comprehensive income attributable to The
             Hershey Company                                                               $1,641,699                              $1,566,379                             $1,264,592



                                                                    See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.




                                    Table of Contents                  The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 51




64 sur 132                                                                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                     https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




                                                             THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                                         CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                                                           (in thousands, except share data)
             December 31,                                                                               2022                  2021
             ASSETS
             Current assets:
               Cash and cash equivalents                                                          $          463,889   $           329,266
               Accounts receivable—trade, net                                                                711,203               671,464
               Inventories                                                                                 1,173,119               988,511
               Prepaid expenses and other                                                                    272,195               256,965
                 Total current assets                                                                      2,620,406             2,246,206
             Property, plant and equipment, net                                                            2,769,702             2,586,187
             Goodwill                                                                                      2,606,956             2,633,174
             Other intangibles                                                                             1,966,269             2,037,588
             Other non-current assets                                                                        944,989               868,203
             Deferred income taxes                                                                            40,498                40,873
                 Total assets                                                                     $       10,948,820   $        10,412,231
             LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
             Current liabilities:
               Accounts payable                                                                   $          970,558   $           692,338
               Accrued liabilities                                                                           832,518               855,638
               Accrued income taxes                                                                            6,710                 3,070
               Short-term debt                                                                               693,790               939,423
               Current portion of long-term debt                                                             753,578                 2,844
                 Total current liabilities                                                                 3,257,154             2,493,313
             Long-term debt                                                                                3,343,977             4,086,627
             Other long-term liabilities                                                                     719,742               787,058
             Deferred income taxes                                                                           328,403               288,004
                 Total liabilities                                                                         7,649,276             7,655,002

             Stockholders’ equity:
              The Hershey Company stockholders’ equity
               Preferred stock, shares issued: none in 2022 and 2021                                              —                     —
               Common stock, shares issued: 163,439,248 in 2022 and 160,939,248 in 2021                      163,439               160,939
               Class B common stock, shares issued: 58,113,777 in 2022 and 60,613,777 in 2021                 58,114                60,614
               Additional paid-in capital                                                                  1,296,572             1,260,331
               Retained earnings                                                                           3,589,781             2,719,936
               Treasury—common stock shares, at cost: 16,588,308 in 2022 and 15,444,011 in
               2021                                                                                       (1,556,029)           (1,195,376)
               Accumulated other comprehensive loss                                                         (252,333)             (249,215)
                 Total stockholders’ equity                                                                3,299,544             2,757,229
                 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity                                       $       10,948,820 $          10,412,231


                                                    See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.




             Table of Contents                         The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 52




65 sur 132                                                                                                                        4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




                                                                       THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                            (in thousands)
             For the years ended December 31,                                                                             2022              2021              2020
             Operating Activities
                   Net income including noncontrolling interest                                                      $     1,644,817    $   1,482,819     $   1,275,413
                   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:
                       Depreciation and amortization                                                                        378,959           315,002           294,907
                       Stock-based compensation expense                                                                      65,991            66,711            57,584
                       Deferred income taxes                                                                                 36,889            13,374            26,880
                       Impairment of long-lived assets (see Note 6)                                                              —                 —              9,143
                       Write-down of equity investments                                                                     188,286           113,756           125,579
                       Other                                                                                                120,818            96,016           113,470
                       Changes in assets and liabilities, net of business acquisitions and divestitures:
                          Accounts receivable—trade, net                                                                     (38,165)         (14,642)          (55,537)
                          Inventories                                                                                       (186,963)          21,457          (151,918)
                          Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                                          (14,507)           8,619             2,493
                          Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                           216,479           39,732            41,470
                          Accrued income taxes                                                                                 5,005          (29,682)          (16,158)
                          Contributions to pension and other benefit plans                                                   (78,547)         (51,100)          (11,671)
                          Other assets and liabilities                                                                       (11,225)          20,822           (11,998)
             Net cash provided by operating activities                                                                     2,327,837        2,082,884         1,699,657
             Investing Activities
                   Capital additions (including software)                                                                   (519,481)         (495,877)        (441,626)
                   Equity investments in tax credit qualifying partnerships                                                 (275,534)         (128,417)         (87,211)
                   Business acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired                                               —         (1,601,073)              —
                   Other investing activities                                                                                  7,639             2,539           (2,443)
             Net cash used in investing activities                                                                          (787,376)       (2,222,828)        (531,280)
             Financing Activities
                   Net (decrease) increase in short-term debt                                                               (245,633)         869,030            41,759
                   Long-term borrowings, net of debt issuance costs                                                               —                —            989,876
                   Repayment of long-term debt and finance leases                                                             (4,741)        (439,444)         (704,467)
                   Cash dividends paid                                                                                      (775,030)        (685,987)         (640,732)
                   Repurchase of common stock                                                                               (388,964)        (457,946)         (211,196)
                   Exercise of stock options                                                                                  34,158           49,821            46,372
                   Taxes withheld and paid on employee stock awards                                                          (35,515)         (16,610)          (20,840)
             Net cash used in financing activities                                                                        (1,415,725)        (681,136)         (499,228)
             Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                                      9,887           (5,075)           (6,990)
             Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents, including cash classified as held for sale                   134,623          (826,155)          662,159
             Less: Decrease (increase) in cash and cash equivalents classified as held for sale                                  —             11,434           (11,434)
             Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                           134,623          (814,721)          650,725
             Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                                                 329,266         1,143,987           493,262
             Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                                $      463,889     $     329,266     $   1,143,987
             Supplemental Disclosure
             Interest paid                                                                                           $      131,757     $     127,726     $     150,930
             Income taxes paid                                                                                              221,321           275,171           215,491




                                                                   See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.




             Table of Contents                                        The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 53




66 sur 132                                                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                                  https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




                                                               THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                                  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
                                                                    (in thousands)

                                                                                                                        Accumulated
                                                                Class B Additional                         Treasury         Other      Noncontrolling      Total
                                              Preferred Common Common     Paid-in   Retained               Common     Comprehensive      Interests in  Stockholders’
                                                Stock    Stock   Stock    Capital   Earnings                Stock       Income (Loss)    Subsidiaries     Equity
             Balance, January 1, 2020         $     — $160,939 $ 60,614 $1,142,210 $1,290,461             $ (591,036) $      (323,966) $        5,772 $ 1,744,994
             Net income (loss)                                                      1,278,708                                                  (3,295)    1,275,413
             Other comprehensive (loss)
             income                                                                                                           (14,116)          1,054          (13,062)
             Dividends (including dividend
             equivalents):
                 Common Stock, $3.154 per
                 share                                                                        (466,777)                                                       (466,777)
                 Class B Common Stock,
                 $2.866 per share                                                             (173,719)                                                       (173,719)
             Stock-based compensation                                             56,698                                                                        56,698
             Exercise of stock options and
             incentive-based transactions                                          (7,708)                    33,240                                            25,532
             Repurchase of common stock                                                                     (211,196)                                         (211,196)
             Balance, December 31, 2020             —    160,939    60,614      1,191,200     1,928,673     (768,992)        (338,082)          3,531        2,237,883
             Net income                                                                       1,477,512                                         5,307        1,482,819
             Other comprehensive income                                                                                        88,867           5,249           94,116
             Dividends (including dividend
             equivalents):
                 Common Stock, $3.410 per
                 share                                                                        (498,346)                                                       (498,346)
                 Class B Common Stock,
                 $3.100 per share                                                             (187,903)                                                       (187,903)
             Stock-based compensation                                             67,482                                                                        67,482
             Exercise of stock options and
             incentive-based transactions                                           1,649                     31,562                                            33,211
             Repurchase of common stock                                                                     (457,946)                                         (457,946)
             Divestiture of noncontrolling
             interest                                                                                                                          (1,436)          (1,436)
             Distributions to joint venture
             partner                                                                                                                           (8,750)          (8,750)
             Other                                                                                                                             (3,901)          (3,901)
             Balance, December 31, 2021             —    160,939    60,614      1,260,331     2,719,936    (1,195,376)       (249,215)             —         2,757,229
             Net income                                                                       1,644,817                                            —         1,644,817
             Other comprehensive loss                                                                                          (3,118)             —            (3,118)
             Dividends (including dividend
             equivalents):
                 Common Stock, $3.874 per
                 share                                                                        (567,839)                                                       (567,839)
                 Class B Common Stock,
                 $3.522 per share                                                             (207,133)                                                       (207,133)
             Conversion of Class B Common
             Stock into Common Stock                       2,500     (2,500)                                                                                        —
             Stock-based compensation                                             65,909                                                                        65,909
             Exercise of stock options and
             incentive-based transactions                                         (29,668)                     28,311                                           (1,357)
             Repurchase of common stock                                                                      (388,964)                                        (388,964)
             Balance, December 31, 2022       $     —   $163,439   $ 58,114    $1,296,572    $3,589,781   $(1,556,029) $     (252,333) $          —      $   3,299,544



                                                           See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                 Table of Contents           The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 54




67 sur 132                                                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                      https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                     THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                          NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                          (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)




         1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

         Description of Business
         The Hershey Company together with its wholly-owned subsidiaries and entities in which it has a controlling interest, (the “Company,”
         “Hershey,” “we” or “us”) is a global confectionery leader known for its branded portfolio of chocolate, sweets, mints and other great
         tasting snacks. The Company has more than 100 brands worldwide including such iconic brand names as Hershey’s, Reese’s, Kisses,
         Jolly Rancher and Ice Breakers, which are marketed, sold and distributed in approximately 80 countries worldwide. Hershey’s structure
         is designed to ensure continued focus on North America, coupled with an emphasis on profitable growth in our focus international
         markets. The Company currently operates through three segments that are aligned with its management structure and the key markets it
         serves: (i) North America Confectionery, (ii) North America Salty Snacks and (iii) International. For additional information on our
         segment presentation, see Note 13.

         Basis of Presentation
         Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of The Hershey Company and its majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries.
         Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. We have a controlling financial interest if we own a majority of the
         outstanding voting common stock and minority shareholders do not have substantive participating rights, we have significant control
         through contractual or economic interests in which we are the primary beneficiary or we have the power to direct the activities that most
         significantly impact the entity's economic performance. We use the equity method of accounting when we have a 20% to 50% interest
         in other companies and exercise significant influence. In addition, we use the equity method of accounting for our investments in
         partnership entities which make equity investments in projects eligible to receive federal historic and energy tax credits. See Note 10 for
         additional information on our equity investments in partnership entities qualifying for tax credits. Other investments that are not
         controlled, and over which we do not have the ability to exercise significant influence, are accounted for under the cost method. Both
         equity and cost method investments are included as Other non-current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For additional
         information on our investments in unconsolidated affiliates, see Note 8.

         Use of Estimates
         The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
         (“GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial
         statements and accompanying disclosures. Our significant estimates and assumptions include, among others, pension and other post-
         retirement benefit plan assumptions, valuation assumptions of goodwill and other intangible assets, useful lives of long-lived assets,
         marketing and trade promotion accruals and income taxes. These estimates and assumptions are based on management’s best judgment.
         Management evaluates its estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis using historical experience and other factors, including the
         current economic environment, and the effects of any revisions are reflected in the consolidated financial statements in the period that
         they are determined. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision, actual results could differ significantly from
         these estimates.

         Revenue Recognition
         The majority of our revenue contracts represent a single performance obligation related to the fulfillment of customer orders for the
         purchase of our products, including chocolate, sweets, mints and other grocery and snack offerings. Net sales reflect the transaction
         prices for these contracts based on our selling list price which is then reduced by estimated costs for trade promotional programs,
         consumer incentives, and allowances and discounts associated with aged or potentially unsaleable products. We recognize revenue at
         the point in time that control of the ordered product(s) is transferred to the customer, which is typically upon delivery to the customer or
         other customer-designated delivery point. Amounts billed and due from our customers are classified as accounts receivables on the
         balance sheet and require payment on a short-term basis.
         Our trade promotional programs and consumer incentives are used to promote our products and include, but are not limited to,
         discounts, coupons, rebates, in-store display incentives, and volume-based incentives. The estimated costs



             Table of Contents                         The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 55




68 sur 132                                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




69 sur 132                                                      4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                     https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                  THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                          (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)



         associated with these programs and incentives are based upon our analysis of the programs offered, expectations regarding customer
         and consumer participation, historical sales and payment trends, and our experience with payment patterns associated with similar
         programs offered in the past. The estimated costs of these programs are reasonably likely to change in future periods due to changes in
         trends with regard to customer and consumer participation, particularly for new programs and for programs related to the introduction
         of new products. Differences between estimated expense and actual program performance are recognized as a change in estimate in a
         subsequent period and are normally not significant. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, actual promotional costs have not deviated from the
         estimated amount by more than 3%. The Company’s unsettled portion remaining in accrued liabilities at year-end for these activities
         was $215,688 and $174,046 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
         We also recognize a minor amount of royalty income (less than 1% of our consolidated net sales) from sales-based licensing
         arrangements, pursuant to which revenue is recognized as the third-party licensee sales occur. Shipping and handling costs incurred to
         deliver product to the customer are recorded within cost of sales. Sales, value add and other taxes we collect concurrent with revenue
         producing activities are excluded from revenue.
         The majority of our products are confectionery or confectionery-based and, therefore, exhibit similar economic characteristics, as they
         are based on similar ingredients and are marketed and sold through the same channels to the same customers. In connection with our
         recent acquisitions, we have expanded our portfolio of salty snacking products, which also exhibit similar economic characteristics to
         our confectionery products and are sold through the same channels to the same customers. See Note 13 for revenues reported by
         geographic segment, which is consistent with how we organize and manage our operations, as well as product line net sales
         information.
         In 2022, 2021 and 2020, approximately 28%, 30% and 31%, respectively, of our consolidated net sales were made to McLane
         Company, Inc., one of the largest wholesale distributors in the United States to convenience stores, drug stores, wholesale clubs and
         mass merchandisers and the primary distributor of our products to Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.

         Cost of Sales
         Cost of sales represents costs directly related to the manufacture and distribution of our products. Primary costs include raw materials,
         packaging, direct labor, overhead, shipping and handling, warehousing and the depreciation of manufacturing, warehousing and
         distribution facilities. Manufacturing overhead and related expenses include salaries, wages, employee benefits, utilities, maintenance
         and property taxes.

         Selling, Marketing and Administrative Expense
         Selling, marketing and administrative expense (“SM&A”) represents costs incurred in generating revenues and in managing our
         business. Such costs include advertising and other marketing expenses, selling expenses, research and development costs,
         administrative and other indirect overhead costs, amortization of capitalized software and intangible assets and depreciation of
         administrative facilities. Research and development costs, charged to expense as incurred, totaled $46,943 in 2022, $40,107 in 2021
         and $37,577 in 2020. Advertising expense is also charged to expense as incurred and totaled $517,677 in 2022, $511,798 in 2021 and
         $516,936 in 2020. Prepaid advertising expense was $241 as of December 31, 2022. There was no prepaid advertising expense as of
         December 31, 2021.

         Cash Equivalents
         Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid debt instruments, time deposits and money market funds with original maturities of three
         months or less. The fair value of cash equivalents approximates the carrying amount.

         Accounts Receivable—Trade
         In the normal course of business, we extend credit to customers that satisfy pre-defined credit criteria, based upon the results of our
         recurring financial account reviews and our evaluation of current and projected economic conditions. Our primary concentration of
         credit risk is associated with McLane Company, Inc., one customer served principally by our North America Confectionery segment. As
         of December 31, 2022, McLane Company, Inc. accounted for approximately 26% of our total accounts receivable. No other customer
         accounted for more than 10% of our year-end accounts receivable. We believe that we have little concentration of credit risk associated
         with the remainder of our customer base. Accounts receivable-trade in the Consolidated Balance Sheets is presented net of allowances
         for bad debts and anticipated discounts of $26,001 and $28,837 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.


             Table of Contents                         The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 56




70 sur 132                                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




71 sur 132                                                      4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                        https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                   THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                           (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)




         Inventories
         Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market value, adjusted for the value of inventory that is estimated to be excess, obsolete or
         otherwise unsaleable. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 53% of our inventories, representing the majority of our United States
         (“U.S.”) inventories, were valued under the last-in, first-out (“LIFO”) method. The remainder of our inventories in the U.S. and
         inventories for our international businesses were valued at the lower of first-in, first-out (“FIFO”), average cost or net realizable value.
         LIFO cost of inventories valued using the LIFO method was $621,614 as of December 31, 2022 and $589,850 as of December 31,
         2021. The adjustment to LIFO, as shown in Note 19, approximates the excess of replacement cost over the stated LIFO inventory value.
         The net impact of LIFO acquisitions and liquidations was not material to 2022, 2021 or 2020.

         Property, Plant and Equipment
         Property, plant and equipment is stated at cost and depreciated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets, as
         follows: 3 to 15 years for machinery and equipment; and 25 to 40 years for buildings and related improvements. At December 31, 2022
         and December 31, 2021, property, plant and equipment included assets under finance lease arrangements with net book values totaling
         $72,160 and $72,496, respectively. Total depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was $253,582,
         $230,638 and $219,021, respectively, and included depreciation on assets recorded under finance lease arrangements. Maintenance and
         repairs are expensed as incurred. We capitalize applicable interest charges incurred during the construction of new facilities and
         production lines and amortize these costs over the assets’ estimated useful lives.
         We review long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such
         assets may not be recoverable. We measure the recoverability of assets to be held and used by a comparison of the carrying amount of
         long-lived assets to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated. If these assets are considered to be impaired, we
         measure impairment as the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. We report assets held
         for sale or disposal at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell.
         We assess asset retirement obligations on a periodic basis and recognize the fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation in
         the period in which it is incurred if a reasonable estimate of fair value can be made. We capitalize associated asset retirement costs as
         part of the carrying amount of the long-lived asset.

         Computer Software
         We capitalize costs associated with software developed or obtained for internal use when both the preliminary project stage is
         completed and it is probable the software being developed will be completed and placed in service. Capitalized costs include only
         (i) external direct costs of materials and services consumed in developing or obtaining internal-use software, (ii) payroll and other
         related costs for employees who are directly associated with and who devote time to the internal-use software project and (iii) interest
         costs incurred, when material, while developing internal-use software. We cease capitalization of such costs no later than the point at
         which the project is substantially complete and ready for its intended purpose.
         The unamortized amount of capitalized software totaled $320,034 and $260,656 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We
         amortize software costs using the straight-line method over the expected life of the software, generally 3 to 7 years. Accumulated
         amortization of capitalized software was $350,620 and $321,939 as of 2022 and 2021, respectively. Such amounts are recorded within
         other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
         We review the carrying value of software and development costs for impairment in accordance with our policy pertaining to the
         impairment of long-lived assets.

         Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
         Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized, but are evaluated for impairment annually or more often if indicators
         of a potential impairment are present. Our annual impairment tests are conducted at the beginning of the fourth quarter. We test
         goodwill for impairment by performing either a qualitative or quantitative assessment. If we choose to perform a qualitative assessment,
         we evaluate economic, industry and company-specific factors in assessing the fair value of the related reporting unit. If we determine
         that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, a quantitative test is then performed.
         Otherwise, no further testing is



             Table of Contents                           The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 57




72 sur 132                                                                                                                                     4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




73 sur 132                                                      4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                      https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                  THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                          (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)



         required. For those reporting units tested using a quantitative approach, we compare the fair value of each reporting unit with the
         carrying amount of the reporting unit, including goodwill. If the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying
         amount of the reporting unit, impairment is indicated, requiring recognition of a goodwill impairment charge for the differential (up to
         the carrying value of goodwill). We test individual indefinite-lived intangible assets by comparing the estimated fair values with the
         book values of each asset.
         We determine the fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets using an income approach. Under the income
         approach, we calculate the fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets based on the present value of estimated
         future cash flows. Considerable management judgment is necessary to evaluate the impact of operating and macroeconomic changes
         and to estimate the future cash flows used to measure fair value. Our estimates of future cash flows consider past performance, current
         and anticipated market conditions and internal projections and operating plans which incorporate estimates for sales growth and
         profitability, and cash flows associated with taxes and capital spending. Additional assumptions include forecasted growth rates,
         estimated discount rates, which may be risk-adjusted for the operating market of the reporting unit, and estimated royalty rates that
         would be charged for comparable branded licenses. We believe such assumptions also reflect current and anticipated market conditions
         and are consistent with those that would be used by other marketplace participants for similar valuation purposes. Such assumptions are
         subject to change due to changing economic and competitive conditions.
         The cost of intangible assets with finite useful lives is amortized on a straight-line basis. Our finite-lived intangible assets consist
         primarily of certain trademarks, customer-related intangible assets and patents obtained through business acquisitions. The weighted-
         average amortization period for our finite-lived intangible assets is approximately 29 years , which is primarily driven by recently
         acquired trademarks. If certain events or changes in operating conditions indicate that the carrying value of these assets, or related asset
         groups, may not be recoverable, we perform an impairment assessment and may adjust the remaining useful lives. See Note 3 for
         additional information regarding the results of impairment tests.

         Supplier Finance Program Obligations
         During 2020, we entered into an agreement with a third-party financial institution to facilitate a supplier finance program which allows
         qualifying suppliers to sell their receivables from the Company to the financial institution. These participating suppliers negotiate their
         outstanding receivable arrangements directly with the financial institution, and our rights and obligations to our suppliers are not
         impacted. We have no economic interest in a supplier’s decision to enter into these agreements. Once a qualifying supplier elects to
         participate in the supplier finance program and reaches an agreement with a financial institution, they elect which individual Company
         invoices they sell to the financial institution. However, all Company payments to participating suppliers are paid to the financial
         institution on the invoice due date, regardless of whether the individual invoice is sold by the supplier to the financial institution. The
         financial institution pays the supplier on the invoice due date for any invoices that were not previously sold under the supplier finance
         program. Our obligations to our suppliers, including amounts due and scheduled payment terms, are not impacted by our suppliers’
         decisions to sell amounts under these arrangements. The payment of these obligations is included in cash provided by operating
         activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Included in Accounts Payable in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at
         December 31, 2022 and 2021 were $105,293 and $36,386 of outstanding payment obligations, respectively, that were sold to the
         financial institution under the Company’s supplier finance program.
         Currency Translation
         The financial statements of our foreign entities with functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars, with
         the resulting translation adjustments recorded as a component of other comprehensive income (loss). Assets and liabilities are translated
         into U.S. dollars using the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date, while income and expense items are translated using the
         average exchange rates during the period.




             Table of Contents                         The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 58




74 sur 132                                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                           https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                      THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                              (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)




         Derivative Instruments
         We use derivative instruments principally to offset exposure to market risks arising from changes in commodity prices, foreign currency
         exchange rates and interest rates. See Note 5 for additional information on our risk management strategy and the types of instruments
         we use.
         Derivative instruments are recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at their fair values. When we become party to a derivative
         instrument and intend to apply hedge accounting, we designate the instrument for financial reporting purposes as a cash flow or fair
         value hedge. The accounting for changes in fair value (gains or losses) of a derivative instrument depends on whether we have
         designated it and it qualified as part of a hedging relationship, as noted below:
                 •    Changes in the fair value of a derivative that is designated as a cash flow hedge are recorded in accumulated other
                      comprehensive income (“AOCI”) to the extent effective and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during
                      which the transaction hedged by that derivative also affects earnings.
                 •    Changes in the fair value of a derivative that is designated as a fair value hedge, along with the offsetting loss or gain on the
                      hedged asset or liability that is attributable to the risk being hedged, are recorded in earnings, thereby reflecting in earnings the
                      net extent to which the hedge is not effective in achieving offsetting changes in fair value.
                 •    Changes in the fair value of a derivative not designated as a hedging instrument are recognized in earnings in cost of sales or
                      SM&A, consistent with the related exposure.
         For derivatives designated as hedges, we assess, both at the hedge’s inception and on an ongoing basis, whether they are highly
         effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of hedged items. The ineffective portion, if any, is recorded directly in
         earnings. In addition, if we determine that a derivative is not highly effective as a hedge or that it has ceased to be a highly effective
         hedge, we discontinue hedge accounting prospectively.
         We do not hold or issue derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes and are not a party to any instruments with leverage
         or prepayment features.
         Cash flows related to the derivative instruments we use to manage interest, commodity or other currency exposures are classified as
         operating activities.

         Recent Accounting Pronouncements

         Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements

         In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments – Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on
         Financial Instruments. This ASU modifies the measurement of expected credit losses of certain financial instruments. ASU 2016-13 is
         effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019 and interim periods within those annual periods. The amendments in
         this ASU should be applied on a modified retrospective basis to all periods presented. We adopted the provisions of this ASU in the first
         quarter of 2020. Adoption of the new standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

         In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-13, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820), Disclosure Framework-Changes to the
         Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement. This ASU modifies the disclosure requirements for fair value measurements by
         removing, modifying or adding certain disclosures. ASU 2018-13 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019
         and interim periods within those annual periods, with early adoption permitted. The amendments on changes in unrealized gains and
         losses, the range and weighted average of significant unobservable inputs used to develop Level 3 fair value measurements, and the
         narrative description of measurement uncertainty should be applied prospectively for only the most recent interim or annual period
         presented in the initial fiscal year of adoption. All other amendments should be applied retrospectively to all periods presented upon
         their effective date. We adopted the provisions of this ASU in the first quarter of 2020. Adoption of the new standard did not have a
         material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

         In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-15, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40),
         Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement that is a Service Contract. This ASU
         aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the
         requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop


             Table of Contents                             The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 59




75 sur 132                                                                                                                                       4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




76 sur 132                                                      4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                    https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                 THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                         (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)



         or obtain internal-use software (and hosting arrangements that include an internal-use software license). ASU 2018-15 is effective for
         annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019 and interim periods within those annual periods, with early adoption permitted. The
         amendments in this ASU should be applied either retrospectively or prospectively to all implementation costs incurred after the date of
         adoption. We adopted the provisions of this ASU in the first quarter of 2020 on a prospective basis. Adoption of the new standard did
         not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

         In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes. This
         ASU is intended to simplify various aspects related to accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions to the general
         principles in Topic 740 and clarifying certain aspects of the current guidance to promote consistency among reporting entities. ASU
         2019-12 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2020 and interim periods within those annual periods, with early
         adoption permitted. An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all the amendments in the same period. Most amendments within
         this ASU are required to be applied on a prospective basis, while certain amendments must be applied on a retrospective or modified
         retrospective basis. We adopted the provisions of this ASU in the fourth quarter of 2020. Adoption of the new standard did not have a
         material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

         In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate
         Reform on Financial Reporting. The ASU is intended to provide temporary optional expedients and exceptions to the GAAP guidance
         on contract modifications and hedge accounting to ease the financial reporting burdens related to the expected market transition from
         the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) and other interbank offered rates to alternative reference rates. Entities may apply this
         ASU upon issuance through December 31, 2022 on a prospective basis. We early adopted the provisions of this ASU in the first quarter
         of 2022. Adoption of the new standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

         In September 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-04, Liabilities—Supplier Finance Programs (Subtopic 405-50):
         Disclosure of Supplier Finance Program Obligations. This ASU requires a buyer in a supplier finance program to disclose qualitative
         and quantitative information about the program including the program’s nature, activity during the period, changes from period to
         period and potential magnitude. ASU 2022-04 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2022 and interim periods
         within those annual periods. A rollforward of obligations during the annual period, including the amount of obligations confirmed and
         obligations subsequently paid, is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2023 with early adoption permitted. This
         ASU should be applied retrospectively to each period in which a balance sheet is presented, except for the amendment on rollforward
         information, which should be applied prospectively. We early adopted provisions of this ASU in the fourth quarter of 2022, with the
         exception of the amendment on rollforward information, which will be adopted in the fourth quarter of 2023. Adoption of the new
         standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

         Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted

         In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and
         Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers. This ASU requires an acquirer to recognize and measure contract assets and
         contract liabilities acquired in a business combination in accordance with Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) rather
         than adjust them to fair value at the acquisition date. ASU 2021-08 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2022
         and interim periods within those annual periods. This ASU should be applied prospectively to business combinations occurring on or
         after the date of adoption. Evaluation of this new standard is dependent on multiple circumstances including the timing and complexity
         of completed business combinations. As a result, we intend to adopt the provisions of this ASU in the first quarter of 2023.

         No other new accounting pronouncement issued or effective during the fiscal year had or is expected to have a material impact on our
         consolidated financial statements or disclosures.




             Table of Contents                        The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 60




77 sur 132                                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                         https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                      THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                              (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)




         2. BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES

         Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for as business combinations and, accordingly, the results of operations of the businesses
         acquired have been included in the consolidated financial statements since the respective dates of the acquisitions. The purchase price
         for each acquisition is allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed.

         In conjunction with acquisitions noted below, we used various valuation techniques to determine fair value of the assets acquired, with
         the primary techniques being discounted cash flow analysis, relief-from-royalty, a form of the multi-period excess earnings and the
         with-and-without valuation approaches, which use significant unobservable inputs, or Level 3 inputs, as defined by the fair value
         hierarchy. Inputs to these valuation approaches require significant judgment including: (i) forecasted sales, growth rates and customer
         attrition rates, (ii) forecasted operating margins, (iii) royalty rates and discount rates used to present value future cash flows, (iv) the
         amount of synergies expected from the acquisition, (v) the economic useful life of assets and (vi) the evaluation of historical tax
         positions. In certain acquisitions, historical data is limited, therefore, we base our estimates and assumptions on budgets, business plans,
         economic projections, anticipated future cash flows and marketplace data.

         2021 Activity

         Pretzels Inc.

         On December 14, 2021, we completed the acquisition of Pretzels Inc. (“Pretzels”), previously a privately held company that
         manufactures and sells pretzels and other salty snacks for other branded products and private labels in the United States. Pretzels is an
         industry leader in the pretzel category with a product portfolio that includes filled, gluten free and seasoned pretzels, as well as extruded
         snacks that complements Hershey’s snacks portfolio. Based in Bluffton, Indiana, Pretzels operates three manufacturing locations in
         Indiana and Kansas. Pretzels provides Hershey with deep pretzel category and product expertise and the manufacturing capabilities to
         support brand growth and future pretzel innovation. The cash consideration paid for Pretzels totaled $304,334 and consisted of cash on
         hand and short-term borrowings. Acquisition-related costs for the Pretzels acquisition were immaterial.

         The acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination and, accordingly, Pretzels has been included within the North
         America Salty Snacks segment from the date of acquisition. The purchase consideration was allocated to assets acquired and liabilities
         assumed based on their respective fair values as follows:

             Goodwill                                                                                                     $                 166,191
             Other intangible assets                                                                                                         26,100
             Current assets acquired                                                                                                         30,835
             Property, plant and equipment, net                                                                                             100,716
             Other non-current assets, primarily operating lease ROU assets                                                                 111,787
             Deferred income taxes                                                                                                              773
             Current liabilities acquired                                                                                                   (22,713)
             Other long-term liabilities, primarily operating lease liabilities                                                            (109,355)
                 Net assets acquired                                                                                      $                 304,334

         The purchase price allocation presented above has been finalized as of the third quarter of 2022 and includes an immaterial amount of
         measurement period adjustments. The measurement period adjustments to the initial allocation were based on more detailed information
         obtained about the specific assets acquired and liabilities assumed, specifically, post-closing adjustments to the working capital acquired
         including certain holdbacks.

         Goodwill was determined as the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired (including the identifiable
         intangible assets). A portion of goodwill derived from this acquisition is deductible for tax purposes and reflects the value of leveraging
         our brand building expertise, supply chain capabilities and retail relationships to accelerate growth and access to the portfolio of
         Pretzels’ products.

         Other intangible assets include trademarks valued at $5,700 and customer relationships valued at $20,400. Trademarks were assigned an
         estimated useful life of five years and customer relationships were assigned an estimated useful life of 19 years.


             Table of Contents                             The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 61




78 sur 132                                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




79 sur 132                                                      4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                          https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                      THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                               (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)



         Dot's Pretzels, LLC

         On December 13, 2021, we completed the acquisition of Dot’s Pretzels, LLC (“Dot’s”), previously a privately held company that
         produces and sells pretzels and other snack food products to retailers and distributors in the United States, with Dot’s Homestyle
         Pretzels snacks as its primary product. Dot’s is the fastest-growing scale brand in the pretzel category and complements Hershey’s
         snacks portfolio. The cash consideration paid for Dot’s totaled $891,169 and consisted of cash on hand and short-term borrowings.
         Acquisition-related costs for the Dot’s acquisition were immaterial.

         The acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination and, accordingly, Dot’s has been included within the North America
         Salty Snacks segment from the date of acquisition. The purchase consideration was allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed
         based on their respective fair values as follows:

             Goodwill                                                                                                  $                  284,427
             Other intangible assets                                                                                                      543,100
             Current assets acquired                                                                                                       51,121
             Property, plant and equipment, net                                                                                            40,266
             Other non-current assets                                                                                                       2,201
             Other liabilities assumed, primarily current liabilities                                                                     (29,946)
              Net assets acquired                                                                                      $                  891,169

         The purchase price allocation presented above has been finalized as of the third quarter of 2022 and includes an immaterial amount of
         measurement period adjustments. The measurement period adjustments to the initial allocation were based on more detailed information
         obtained about the specific assets acquired and liabilities assumed, specifically, the refinement of certain assumptions in the value of
         customer relationships based on an analysis of historical customer-specific data and post-closing adjustments to the working capital
         acquired including certain holdbacks.

         Goodwill was determined as the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired (including the identifiable
         intangible assets). The goodwill derived from this acquisition is deductible for tax purposes and reflects the value of leveraging our
         brand building expertise, supply chain capabilities and retail relationships to accelerate growth and access to the portfolio of Dot’s
         products.

         Other intangible assets include trademarks valued at $336,600 and customer relationships valued at $206,500. Trademarks were
         assigned an estimated useful life of 33 years and customer relationships were assigned estimated useful life of 18 years.

         Lily's Sweets, LLC

         On June 25, 2021, we completed the acquisition of Lily’s Sweets, LLC (“Lily’s”), previously a privately held company that sells a line
         of sugar-free and low-sugar confectionery foods to retailers and distributors in the United States and Canada. Lily’s products include
         dark and milk chocolate style bars, baking chips, peanut butter cups and other confection products that complement Hershey’s
         confectionery and confectionery-based portfolio. The cash consideration paid for Lily’s totaled $422,210 and the Company may be
         required to pay additional cash consideration if certain defined targets related to net sales and gross margin are exceeded during the
         period from the closing date through December 31, 2021. As of the acquisition date, the estimated fair value of the contingent
         consideration obligation was classified as a liability of $5,000 and was determined using a scenario-based analysis on forecasted future
         results. Based on financial results through December 31, 2021, the fair value was reduced during the fourth quarter of 2021 to $1,250,
         with the adjustment to fair value recorded in the selling, marketing and administrative (“SM&A”) expense caption within the
         Consolidated Statements of Income. We paid this contingent consideration during the second quarter of 2022. Acquisition-related costs
         for the Lily’s acquisition were immaterial.




             Table of Contents                              The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 62




80 sur 132                                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                          https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                      THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                               (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)


         The acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination and, accordingly, Lily’s has been included within the North America
         Confectionery segment from the date of acquisition. The purchase consideration, inclusive of the acquisition date fair value of the
         contingent consideration, was allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values as follows:

             Goodwill                                                                                                       $             175,826
             Other intangible assets                                                                                                      235,800
             Other assets acquired, primarily current assets                                                                               33,092
             Other liabilities assumed, primarily current liabilities                                                                      (9,620)
             Deferred income taxes                                                                                                         (7,888)
               Net assets acquired                                                                                          $             427,210


         The purchase price allocation presented above has been finalized as of the fourth quarter of 2021 and includes an immaterial amount of
         measurement period adjustments. The measurement period adjustments to the initial allocation were based on more detailed information
         obtained about the specific assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
         Goodwill was determined as the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired (including the identifiable
         intangible assets). The majority of goodwill derived from this acquisition is expected to be deductible for tax purposes and reflects the
         value of leveraging our brand building expertise, supply chain capabilities and retail relationships to accelerate growth and access to the
         portfolio of Lily’s products.

         Other intangible assets include trademarks valued at $151,600 and customer relationships valued at $84,200. Trademarks were assigned
         an estimated useful life of 33 years and customer relationships were assigned estimated useful lives ranging from 17 to 18 years.

         Lotte Shanghai Foods Co., Ltd.

         In January 2021, we completed the divestiture of Lotte Shanghai Foods Co., Ltd. (“LSFC”), which was previously included within the
         International segment results in our consolidated financial statements. Total proceeds from the divestiture and the impact on our
         consolidated financial statements were immaterial and were recorded in the SM&A expense caption within the Consolidated Statements
         of Income.

         2020 Activity

         During the second quarter of 2020, we completed the divestitures of KRAVE Pure Foods, Inc. (“Krave”), which was previously
         included within the North America Salty Snacks segment, and the Scharffen Berger and Dagoba brands, both of which were previously
         included within the North America Confectionery segment results in our consolidated financial statements. Total proceeds from the
         divestitures and the impact on our Consolidated Statements of Income, both individually and on an aggregate basis, were immaterial.




             Table of Contents                              The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 63




81 sur 132                                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                      THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                              (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)




         3. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS

         The changes in the carrying value of goodwill by segment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows:
                                                        North America      North America
                                                        Confectionery       Salty Snacks                       International                   Total
             Goodwill                                 $        1,854,266 $          121,152 $                           375,145 $                2,350,563
             Accumulated impairment loss                          (4,973)                —                             (357,375)                  (362,348)
             Balance at January 1, 2021                        1,849,293            121,152                              17,770                  1,988,215
             Acquired during the period                          174,516            468,646                                  —                     643,162
             Measurement period adjustments                        1,310                 —                                   —                        1,310
             Foreign currency translation                            887                 —                                 (400)                        487
             Balance at December 31, 2021                      2,026,006            589,798                              17,370                  2,633,174
             Measurement period adjustments                           —             (18,028)                                 —                     (18,028)
             Foreign currency translation                         (7,576)                —                                 (614)                     (8,190)
             Balance at December 31, 2022             $        2,018,430 $          571,770 $                            16,756 $                2,606,956


         We had no goodwill impairment charges in 2022, 2021 or 2020.

         The following table provides the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization for each major class of intangible asset:
             December 31,                                                               2022                                   2021
                                                                           Gross Carrying    Accumulated          Gross Carrying    Accumulated
                                                                              Amount         Amortization            Amount         Amortization
             Intangible assets subject to amortization:
                 Trademarks                                               $      1,701,932    $        (190,045) $        1,705,390    $          (141,760)
                 Customer-related                                                  513,188              (93,495)            504,667                (65,131)
                 Patents                                                             8,053               (8,053)              8,623                 (8,623)
             Total                                                               2,223,173             (291,593)          2,218,680               (215,514)

             Intangible assets not subject to amortization:
                 Trademarks                                                         34,689                                   34,422
             Total other intangible assets                                $      1,966,269                        $       2,037,588


         Total amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was $79,690, $52,124 and $46,472, respectively.

         Amortization expense for the next five years, based on current intangible asset balances, is estimated to be as follows:
             Year ending December 31,                               2023              2024               2025              2026                  2027
             Amortization expense                             $        79,249   $        78,667    $        78,667    $       78,620       $        77,527



         4. SHORT AND LONG-TERM DEBT

         Short-term Debt
         As a source of short-term financing, we utilize cash on hand and commercial paper or bank loans with an original maturity of three
         months or less. We maintain a $1.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility with the option to increase borrowings by an additional
         $500 million with the consent of the lenders. This facility is scheduled to expire




             Table of Contents                                The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 64




82 sur 132                                                                                                                                        4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




83 sur 132                                                      4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                       https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                     THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                             (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)



         on July 2, 2024; however, we may extend the termination date for up to two additional one-year periods upon notice to the
         administrative agent under the facility.

         The unsecured committed revolving credit agreement contains a financial covenant whereby the ratio of (a) pre-tax income from
         operations from the most recent four fiscal quarters to (b) consolidated interest expense for the most recent four fiscal quarters may not
         be less than 2.0 to 1.0 at the end of each fiscal quarter. The credit agreement also contains customary representations, warranties and
         events of default. Payment of outstanding advances may be accelerated, at the option of the lenders, should we default in our obligation
         under the credit agreement. As of December 31, 2022, we are in compliance with all affirmative and negative covenants and the
         financial covenant pertaining to our credit agreement. There were no significant compensating balance agreements that legally restricted
         these funds.

         In addition to the revolving credit facility, we maintain lines of credit with domestic and international commercial banks. Our credit
         limit in various currencies was $313,195 at December 31, 2022 and $280,650 at December 31, 2021. These lines permit us to borrow at
         the respective banks’ prime commercial interest rates, or lower. Commitment fees relating to our revolving credit facility and lines of
         credit are not material. Short-term debt consisted of the following:

                                                                                                December 31, 2022             December 31, 2021
             Short-term foreign bank borrowings against lines of credit                     $                 135,555    $                119,038
             U.S. commercial paper                                                                            558,235                     820,385
             Total short-term debt                                                          $                 693,790    $                939,423
             Weighted average interest rate on outstanding commercial paper                                      4.3 %                       0.1 %

         The maximum amount of short-term borrowings outstanding during 2022 and 2021 was $937,593 and $939,423, respectively. The
         weighted-average interest rate on short-term borrowings outstanding was 4.4% as of December 31, 2022 and 0.2% as of December 31,
         2021.

         Long-term Debt

         Long-term debt consisted of the following:
         December 31,                                                       Maturity Date                       2022                  2021
         2.625% Notes                                                        May 1, 2023                           250,000               250,000
         3.375% Notes                                                        May 15, 2023                          500,000               500,000
         2.050% Notes                                                      November 15, 2024                       300,000               300,000
         0.900% Notes                                                        June 1, 2025                          300,000               300,000
         3.200% Notes                                                       August 21, 2025                        300,000               300,000
         2.300% Notes                                                       August 15, 2026                        500,000               500,000
         7.200% Debentures                                                  August 15, 2027                        193,639               193,639
         2.450% Notes                                                      November 15, 2029                       300,000               300,000
         1.700% Notes                                                        June 1, 2030                          350,000               350,000
         3.375% Notes                                                       August 15, 2046                        300,000               300,000
         3.125% Notes                                                      November 15, 2049                       400,000               400,000
         2.650% Notes                                                        June 1, 2050                          350,000               350,000
         Finance lease obligations (see Note 7)                                                                      73,479                69,146
         Net impact of interest rate swaps, debt issuance costs
         and unamortized debt discounts                                                                            (19,563)              (23,314)
         Total long-term debt                                                                                     4,097,555             4,089,471
         Less—current portion                                                                                      753,578                  2,844
         Long-term portion                                                                                $       3,343,977    $        4,086,627




             Table of Contents                           The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 65




84 sur 132                                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




85 sur 132                                                      4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                     https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                  THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                          (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)



         In February 2021, we repaid $84,715 of 8.800% Debentures due upon their maturity. In May 2021, we repaid $350,000 of 3.100%
         Notes due upon their maturity.

         Aggregate annual maturities of our long-term Notes (excluding finance lease obligations and net impact of interest rate swaps, debt
         issuance costs and unamortized debt discounts) are as follows for the years ending December 31:
             2023                                                                                                              $           750,000
             2024                                                                                                                          300,000
             2025                                                                                                                          600,000
             2026                                                                                                                          500,000
             2027                                                                                                                          193,639
             Thereafter                                                                                                                  1,700,000

         Our debt is principally unsecured and of equal priority. None of our debt is convertible into our Common Stock.

         Interest Expense
         Net interest expense consists of the following:
             For the years ended December 31,                                                 2022                 2021                 2020
             Interest expense                                                          $        148,226 $            139,156 $            160,204
             Capitalized interest                                                                (8,131)              (9,310)              (6,733)
             Interest expense                                                                   140,095              129,846              153,471
             Interest income                                                                     (2,538)              (2,429)              (4,097)
             Interest expense, net                                                     $        137,557 $            127,417 $            149,374


         5. DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS

         We are exposed to market risks arising principally from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and commodity
         prices. We use certain derivative instruments to manage these risks. These include interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk,
         foreign currency forward exchange contracts to manage foreign currency exchange rate risk, and commodities futures and options
         contracts to manage commodity market price risk exposures.

         In entering into these contracts, we have assumed the risk that might arise from the possible inability of counterparties to meet the terms
         of their contracts. We mitigate this risk by entering into exchanged-traded contracts with collateral posting requirements and/or by
         performing financial assessments prior to contract execution, conducting periodic evaluations of counterparty performance and
         maintaining a diverse portfolio of qualified counterparties. We do not expect any significant losses from counterparty defaults.

         Commodity Price Risk

         We enter into commodities futures and options contracts and other commodity derivative instruments to reduce the effect of future price
         fluctuations associated with the purchase of raw materials, energy requirements and transportation services. We generally hedge
         commodity price risks for 3- to 24-month periods. Our open commodity derivative contracts had a notional value of $243,009 as of
         December 31, 2022 and $313,200 as of December 31, 2021.

         Derivatives used to manage commodity price risk are not designated for hedge accounting treatment. Therefore, the changes in fair
         value of these derivatives are recorded as incurred within cost of sales. As discussed in Note 13, we define our segment income to
         exclude gains and losses on commodity derivatives until the related inventory is sold, at which time the related gains and losses are
         reflected within segment income. This enables us to continue to align the derivative gains and losses with the underlying economic
         exposure being hedged and thereby eliminate the mark-to-market volatility within our reported segment income.




             Table of Contents                         The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 66




86 sur 132                                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                          https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                     THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                              (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)




         Foreign Exchange Price Risk
         We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk related to our international operations, including non-functional currency
         intercompany debt and other non-functional currency transactions of certain subsidiaries. Principal currencies hedged include the euro,
         Canadian dollar, Japanese yen, British pound, Brazilian real, Malaysian ringgit, Mexican peso and Swiss franc. We typically utilize
         foreign currency forward exchange contracts to hedge these exposures for periods ranging from 3 to 12 months. The contracts are either
         designated as cash flow hedges or are undesignated. The net notional amount of foreign exchange contracts accounted for as cash flow
         hedges was $59,448 at December 31, 2022 and $94,623 at December 31, 2021. The effective portion of the changes in fair value on
         these contracts is recorded in other comprehensive income and reclassified into earnings in the same period in which the hedged
         transactions affect earnings. The net notional amount of foreign exchange contracts that are not designated as accounting hedges was
         $1,843 at December 31, 2022 and $2,993 at December 31, 2021. The change in fair value on these instruments is recorded directly in
         cost of sales or selling, marketing and administrative expense, depending on the nature of the underlying exposure.


         Interest Rate Risk

         In order to manage interest rate exposure, in previous years we utilized interest rate swap agreements to protect against unfavorable
         interest rate changes relating to forecasted debt transactions. These swaps, which were settled upon issuance of the related debt, were
         designated as cash flow hedges and the gains and losses that were deferred in other comprehensive income are being recognized as an
         adjustment to interest expense over the same period that the hedged interest payments affect earnings.

         Equity Price Risk
         We are exposed to market price changes in certain broad market indices related to our deferred compensation obligations to our
         employees. To mitigate this risk, we use equity swap contracts to hedge the portion of the exposure that is linked to market-level equity
         returns. These contracts are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes and are entered into for periods of 3 to 12 months. The
         change in fair value of these derivatives is recorded in SM&A expense, together with the change in the related liabilities. The notional
         amount of the contracts outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was $18,803 and $24,975, respectively.

         The following table presents the classification of derivative assets and liabilities within the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of
         December 31, 2022 and 2021:

             December 31,                                                              2022                                       2021
                                                                         Assets (1)           Liabilities (1)       Assets (1)           Liabilities (1)
             Derivatives designated as cash flow hedging
             instruments:
             Foreign exchange contracts                              $           3,921    $               261   $           2,949    $               711

             Derivatives not designated as hedging
             instruments:
             Commodities futures and options (2)                                   685                    662               2,423                  1,376
             Deferred compensation derivatives                                   1,222                     —                2,412                     —
             Foreign exchange contracts                                            246                     —                  550                     —
                                                                                 2,153                    662               5,385                  1,376
             Total                                                   $           6,074    $               923   $           8,334    $             2,087


               (1) Derivatives assets are classified on our Consolidated Balance Sheets within prepaid expenses and other as well as other non-
                   current assets. Derivative liabilities are classified on our Consolidated Balance Sheets within accrued liabilities and other long-
                   term liabilities.




             Table of Contents                            The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 67




87 sur 132                                                                                                                                      4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                           https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                     THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                             (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)


               (2) As of December 31, 2022, amounts reflected on a net basis in assets were assets of $25,308 and liabilities of $25,296, which are
                   associated with cash transfers receivable or payable on commodities futures contracts reflecting the change in quoted market
                   prices on the last trading day for the period. The comparable amounts reflected on a net basis in liabilities at December 31, 2021
                   were assets of $31,774 and liabilities of $32,701. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the remaining amount reflected in assets and
                   liabilities related to the fair value of other non-exchange traded derivative instruments, respectively.


         Income Statement Impact of Derivative Instruments
         The effect of derivative instruments on the Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as
         follows:
                                                              Non-designated Hedges                             Cash Flow Hedges
                                                                                           Gains (losses) recognized in
                                                            Gains (losses) recognized in   other comprehensive income Gains (losses) reclassified from
                                                                     income (a)                      (“OCI”)                 AOCI into income (b)
                                                              2022              2021          2022             2021          2022            2021
             Commodities futures and options            $       44,569 $         85,402    $        —    $         — $            — $             —
             Foreign exchange contracts                           (274)             547          2,056         (1,551)           636          (7,145)
             Interest rate swap agreements                          —                —              —              —         (10,836)        (10,972)
             Deferred compensation derivatives                  (4,920)           6,004             —              —              —               —
             Total                                      $       39,375 $         91,953    $     2,056   $     (1,551) $     (10,200) $      (18,117)


         (a) Gains (losses) recognized in income for non-designated commodities futures and options contracts were included in cost of sales.
             Gains (losses) recognized in income for non-designated foreign currency forward exchange contracts and deferred compensation
             derivatives were included in selling, marketing and administrative expenses.
         (b) Gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI into income for foreign currency forward exchange contracts were included in selling,
             marketing and administrative expenses. Losses reclassified from AOCI into income for interest rate swap agreements were
             included in interest expense.

         The amount of pretax net losses on derivative instruments, including interest rate swap agreements and foreign currency forward
         exchange contracts expected to be reclassified into earnings in the next 12 months was approximately $7,176 as of December 31, 2022.
         This amount is primarily associated with interest rate swap agreements.

         6. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS

         Accounting guidance on fair value measurements requires that financial assets and liabilities be classified and disclosed in one of the
         following categories of the fair value hierarchy:

             Level 1 – Based on unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in an active market.
             Level 2 – Based on observable market-based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data.
             Level 3 – Based on unobservable inputs that reflect the entity’s own assumptions about the assumptions that a market
             participant would use in pricing the asset or liability.


         We did not have any Level 3 financial assets or liabilities, nor were there any transfers between levels during the periods presented.




             Table of Contents                              The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 68




88 sur 132                                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                          https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                     THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                             (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)




         The following table presents assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets on a recurring
         basis as of December 31, 2022 and 2021:
                                                                                                      Assets (Liabilities)
                                                                            Level 1                Level 2            Level 3             Total

             December 31, 2022:
             Derivative Instruments:
              Assets:
                 Foreign exchange contracts (1)                       $                —    $             4,167   $             —   $          4,167
                 Deferred compensation derivatives (2)                                 —                  1,222                 —              1,222
                 Commodities futures and options (3)                                  685                    —                  —                685
              Liabilities:
                 Foreign exchange contracts (1)                                        —                   261                  —                 261
                 Commodities futures and options (3)                                  662                   —                   —                 662
             December 31, 2021:
              Assets:
                 Foreign exchange contracts (1)                       $              —      $             3,499   $             —   $          3,499
                 Deferred compensation derivatives (2)                               —                    2,412                 —              2,412
                 Commodities futures and options (3)                              2,423                      —                  —              2,423
              Liabilities:
                 Foreign exchange contracts (1)                                      —                     711                  —                711
                 Commodities futures and options (3)                              1,376                     —                   —              1,376

                 (1) The fair value of foreign currency forward exchange contracts is the difference between the contract and current market
                     foreign currency exchange rates at the end of the period. We estimate the fair value of foreign currency forward exchange
                     contracts on a quarterly basis by obtaining market quotes of spot and forward rates for contracts with similar terms, adjusted
                     where necessary for maturity differences.

                 (2) The fair value of deferred compensation derivatives is based on quoted prices for market interest rates and a broad market
                     equity index.

                 (3) The fair value of commodities futures and options contracts is based on quoted market prices.

         Other Financial Instruments
         The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and short-term debt approximated fair values
         as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 because of the relatively short maturity of these instruments.
         The estimated fair value of our long-term debt is based on quoted market prices for similar debt issuances and is, therefore, classified as
         Level 2 within the valuation hierarchy. The fair values and carrying values of long-term debt, including the current portion, were as
         follows:

                                                                                      Fair Value                          Carrying Value
             At December 31,                                                2022                   2021               2022             2021
             Current portion of long-term debt                        $        749,345      $           2,844     $      753,578 $           2,844
             Long-term debt                                                  2,854,165              4,274,304          3,343,977         4,086,627
             Total                                                    $      3,603,510      $       4,277,148     $    4,097,555 $       4,089,471




             Table of Contents                           The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 69




89 sur 132                                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




90 sur 132                                                      4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                        https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                     THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                             (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)


         Other Fair Value Measurements

         In addition to assets and liabilities that are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis, GAAP requires that, under certain circumstances,
         we also record assets and liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis.
         2021 Activity

         In connection with the acquisitions of Lily’s, Dot’s and Pretzels during 2021, as discussed in Note 2, we used various valuation
         techniques to determine fair value, with the primary techniques being discounted cash flow analysis and the relief-from-royalty, a form
         of the multi-period excess earnings, which use significant unobservable inputs, or Level 3 inputs, as defined by the fair value hierarchy.
         2020 Activity

         During 2020, we recorded the following impairment charges, which use significant unobservable inputs, or Level 3 inputs, as defined
         by the fair value hierarchy:

                                                                                                                                      2020
             Adjustment to disposal group (1)                                                                               $                  6,200
             Other asset write-down (2)                                                                                                        2,943
             Long-lived asset impairment charges                                                                            $                  9,143

               (1) In connection with the sale of the LSFC joint venture (disposal group previously classified as held for sale), we recorded
                   impairment charges to adjust long-lived asset values. The fair value of the disposal group was supported by potential sales prices
                   with third-party buyers. The sale of the LSFC joint venture was completed in January 2021.

               (2) In connection with a previous sale, the Company wrote-down certain receivables deemed uncollectible.

         7. LEASES

         We lease office and retail space, warehouse and distribution facilities, land, vehicles, and equipment. We determine if an agreement is or
         contains a lease at inception. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet.

         ROU assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease
         payments arising from the lease. ROU assets and liabilities are based on the estimated present value of lease payments over the lease
         term and are recognized at the lease commencement date.
         As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use our estimated incremental borrowing rate in determining the present value
         of lease payments. The estimated incremental borrowing rate is derived from information available at the lease commencement date.

         Our lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. A
         limited number of our lease agreements include rental payments adjusted periodically for inflation. Our lease agreements generally do
         not contain residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants.

         For real estate, equipment and vehicles that support selling, marketing and general administrative activities the Company accounts for
         the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component. These asset categories comprise the majority of our leases. The lease
         and non-lease components of real estate and equipment leases supporting production activities are not accounted for as a single lease
         component. Consideration for such contracts is allocated to the lease component and non-lease components based upon relative
         standalone prices either observable or estimated if observable prices are not readily available.




             Table of Contents                            The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 70




91 sur 132                                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                           https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                       THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                              (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)


         The components of lease expense were as follows:
             Lease expense                               Classification                                         2022                    2021
             Operating lease cost                        Cost of sales or SM&A (1)                     $               48,988     $             44,444
             Finance lease cost:
              Amortization of ROU assets                 Depreciation and amortization (1)                              7,043                    8,098
              Interest on lease liabilities              Interest expense, net                                          4,192                    4,358
             Net lease cost (2)                                                                        $               60,223     $             56,900

               (1) Supply chain-related amounts were included in cost of sales.
               (2) Net lease cost does not include short-term leases, variable lease costs or sublease income, all of which are immaterial.
         Information regarding our lease terms and discount rates were as follows:

                                                                                                              2022                      2021
             Weighted-average remaining lease term (years)
              Operating leases                                                                                           15.0                      15.4
              Finance leases                                                                                             27.7                      30.0

             Weighted-average discount rate
              Operating leases                                                                                          3.2 %                    3.1 %
              Finance leases                                                                                            6.1 %                    6.1 %

         Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases were as follows:

             Leases                                      Classification                                         2022                    2021
             Assets
              Operating lease ROU assets                 Other non-current assets                      $             326,472      $            351,712

              Finance lease ROU assets, at cost          Property, plant and equipment, gross                           86,703                  89,190
              Accumulated amortization                   Accumulated depreciation                                      (14,543)                (16,694)
              Finance lease ROU assets, net              Property, plant and equipment, net                             72,160                  72,496


             Total leased assets                                                                       $             398,632      $            424,208

             Liabilities
              Current
               Operating                                 Accrued liabilities                           $               31,787     $             36,292
               Finance                                   Current portion of long-term debt                              4,285                    3,564
              Non-current
               Operating                                 Other long-term liabilities                                 294,849                   310,899
               Finance                                   Long-term debt                                               69,194                    65,582
             Total lease liabilities                                                                   $             400,115      $            416,337




             Table of Contents                            The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 71




92 sur 132                                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                           https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                        THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                             (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)



         The maturity of our lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022 were as follows:
                                                                  Operating leases                Finance leases                  Total
             2023                                            $                  41,393       $                  8,289   $                  49,682
             2024                                                               38,789                          7,478                      46,267
             2025                                                               27,466                          5,535                      33,001
             2026                                                               23,596                          4,036                      27,632
             2027                                                               23,770                          4,065                      27,835
             Thereafter                                                       264,553                         142,020                     406,573
              Total lease payments                                            419,567                         171,423                     590,990
             Less: Imputed interest                                             92,931                         97,944                     190,875
              Total lease liabilities                        $                326,636        $                 73,479   $                 400,115


         Supplemental cash flow and other information related to leases were as follows:
                                                                                                              2022                   2021
             Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities:
              Operating cash flows from operating leases                                              $              45,179   $              42,584
              Operating cash flows from finance leases                                                $               4,192   $               4,730
              Financing cash flows from finance leases                                                $               4,717   $               4,358

             ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities:
              Operating leases                                                                        $              13,998   $             164,951
              Finance leases                                                                          $               9,617   $              (6,424)


         8. INVESTMENTS IN UNCONSOLIDATED AFFILIATES
         We invest in partnerships that make equity investments in projects eligible to receive federal historic and renewable energy tax credits.
         The tax credits, when realized, are recognized as a reduction of tax expense under the flow-through method, at which time the
         corresponding equity investment is written-down to reflect the remaining value of the future benefits to be realized. The equity
         investment write-down is reflected within other (income) expense, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income (see Note 17).

         Additionally, we acquire ownership interests in emerging snacking businesses and startup companies, which vary in method of
         accounting based on our percentage of ownership and ability to exercise significant influence over decisions relating to operating and
         financial affairs. These investments afford the Company the rights to distribute brands that the Company does not own to third-party
         customers primarily in North America. Net sales and expenses of our equity method investees are not consolidated into our financial
         statements; rather, our proportionate share of earnings or losses are recorded on a net basis within other (income) expense, net in the
         Consolidated Statements of Income.

         Both equity and cost method investments are reported within other non-current assets in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We regularly
         review our investments and adjust accordingly for capital contributions, dividends received and other-than-temporary impairments.
         Total investments in unconsolidated affiliates was $133,029 and $93,089 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
         respectively.

         9. BUSINESS REALIGNMENT ACTIVITIES

         We periodically undertake business realignment activities designed to increase our efficiency and focus our business in support of our
         key growth strategies. Costs associated with business realignment activities are classified in our Consolidated Statements of Income as
         follows:




             Table of Contents                            The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 72




93 sur 132                                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




94 sur 132                                                      4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                       https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                     THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                             (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)



             For the years ended December 31,                                        2022                 2021                     2020
             Cost of sales                                                  $                   3   $               5,220   $              2,209
             Selling, marketing and administrative expense                                  2,425                   7,854                 10,801
             Business realignment costs                                                     1,989                   3,525                 18,503
             Costs associated with business realignment activities          $               4,417   $              16,599   $             31,513


         Costs recorded by program in 2022, 2021 and 2020 related to these activities were as follows:

             For the years ended December 31,                                        2022                 2021                     2020
             International Optimization Program:
                Severance and employee benefit costs                        $               2,001   $               3,982   $             18,977
                Other program costs                                                         2,416                  12,617                 10,366
             Margin for Growth Program:
                Severance                                                                      —                       —                    (653)
                Other program costs                                                            —                       —                   2,823
             Total                                                          $               4,417   $              16,599   $             31,513

         Amounts classified as liabilities qualifying as exit and disposal costs primarily represent employee-related and certain third-party
         service provider charges, however, such amounts at December 31, 2022 are not significant and are expected to be paid within the next
         12 months.

         2020 International Optimization Program

         In the fourth quarter of 2020, we commenced a program (“International Optimization Program”) to streamline resources and
         investments in select international markets, including the optimization of our China operating model that will improve our operational
         efficiency and provide for a strong, sustainable and simplified base going forward.

         The International Optimization Program is expected to be completed by the end of 2023, with total pre-tax costs anticipated to be
         $50,000 to $75,000. Cash costs are expected to be $40,000 to $65,000, primarily related to workforce reductions of approximately 350
         positions outside of the United States, costs to consolidate and relocate production, and third-party costs incurred to execute these
         activities. The costs and related benefits of the International Optimization Program relate to the International segment. However,
         segment operating results do not include these business realignment expenses because we evaluate segment performance excluding such
         costs.

         For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized total costs associated with the International Optimization Program of
         $4,417 and $16,599. These charges predominantly included third-party charges in support of our initiative to transform our China
         operating model, as well as severance and employee benefit costs. Since inception, we have incurred pre-tax charges to execute the
         program totaling $50,359.

         Margin for Growth Program
         In the first quarter of 2017, the Company’s Board of Directors (“Board”) unanimously approved several initiatives under a single
         program focused on improving global efficiency and effectiveness, optimizing the Company’s supply chain, streamlining the
         Company’s operating model and reducing administrative expenses to generate long-term savings.

         For the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized total costs associated with the Margin for Growth Program of $2,170. These
         charges included other program costs, which related primarily to third-party charges in support of our initiative to improve global
         efficiency and effectiveness. This project was completed in mid-2020.

         The costs and related benefits of the Margin for Growth Program relate approximately 63% to the North America Confectionery
         segment and 37% to the International segment. However, segment operating results do not include these business realignment expenses
         because we evaluate segment performance excluding such costs.

             Table of Contents                           The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 73




95 sur 132                                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




96 sur 132                                                      4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                     https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                    THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                            (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)




         10. INCOME TAXES

         The components of income before income taxes were as follows:
              For the years ended December 31,                                    2022                   2021                 2020
              Domestic                                                    $         1,816,622     $        1,775,361    $       1,405,254
              Foreign                                                                 100,449                 21,863               89,743
              Income before income taxes                                  $         1,917,071     $        1,797,224    $       1,494,997


             The components of our provision for income taxes were as follows:

              For the years ended December 31,                                     2022                  2021                 2020
              Current:
                Federal                                                   $             121,968   $           161,402   $          117,348
                State                                                                    85,741                60,979               46,198
                Foreign                                                                  27,656                78,650               29,158
                                                                                        235,365               301,031              192,704
              Deferred:
                Federal                                                                  34,848                26,726               24,486
                State                                                                     3,393                 8,253                3,746
                Foreign                                                                  (1,352)              (21,605)              (1,352)
                                                                                         36,889                13,374               26,880
              Total provision for income taxes                            $             272,254 $             314,405 $            219,584




             Table of Contents                         The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 74




97 sur 132                                                                                                                        4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                         https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                     THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                             (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)




         Deferred taxes reflect temporary differences between the tax basis and financial statement carrying value of assets and liabilities. The
         significant temporary differences that comprised the deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows:
              December 31,                                                                                  2022                    2021
              Deferred tax assets:
                  Post-retirement benefit obligations                                           $                    40,100 $                51,026
                  Accrued expenses and other reserves                                                                78,523                  81,847
                  Stock-based compensation                                                                           19,847                  21,898
                  Derivative instruments                                                                              3,983                      —
                  Lease liabilities                                                                                  91,099                  95,503
                  Accrued trade promotion reserves                                                                   23,082                  25,382
                  Net operating loss carryforwards                                                                  130,944                 152,389
                  Capital loss carryforwards                                                                          1,999                   2,522
                  Other                                                                                              52,802                  49,760
                     Gross deferred tax assets                                                                      442,379                 480,327
                     Valuation allowance                                                                           (137,531)               (167,788)
                           Total deferred tax assets                                                                304,848                 312,539
                Deferred tax liabilities:
                   Property, plant and equipment, net                                                               247,964                 234,474
                   Acquired intangibles                                                                             193,160                 168,087
                   Lease ROU assets                                                                                  28,573                  76,285
                   Inventories                                                                                       72,602                  20,105
                   Derivative instruments                                                                                —                    1,352
                   Pension                                                                                           11,038                  11,871
                   Other                                                                                             39,416                  47,496
                          Total deferred tax liabilities                                                            592,753                 559,670
              Net deferred tax liabilities                                                      $                  (287,905) $             (247,131)
              Included in:
                   Non-current deferred tax assets, net                                         $                    40,498 $                40,873
                   Non-current deferred tax liabilities, net                                                       (328,403)               (288,004)
                  Net deferred tax liabilities                                                  $                  (287,905) $             (247,131)


         Changes in deferred taxes were primarily due to acquired intangibles and accelerated tax depreciation on property, plant and equipment.

         The valuation allowances as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were primarily related to various foreign jurisdictions' net operating loss
         carryforwards and other deferred tax assets that we do not expect to realize.




             Table of Contents                             The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 75




98 sur 132                                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                        https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                     THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                             (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)



         The following table reconciles the federal statutory income tax rate with our effective income tax rate:
              For the years ended December 31,                                                   2022                2021              2020
              Federal statutory income tax rate                                                     21.0 %              21.0 %            21.0 %
              Increase (reduction) resulting from:
                  State income taxes, net of Federal income tax benefits                              3.2                2.8                2.7
                  Foreign rate differences                                                           (0.1)              (0.2)              (0.5)
                  Historic and solar tax credits                                                     (9.9)              (6.2)              (7.7)
                  Tax contingencies                                                                   0.4                1.7                0.1
                  Stock compensation                                                                 (0.7)              (0.5)              (0.6)
                  Other, net                                                                          0.3               (1.1)              (0.3)
              Effective income tax rate                                                              14.2 %             17.5 %             14.7 %

         A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:
              December 31,                                                                                 2022                    2021
              Balance at beginning of year                                                     $                  143,305 $               108,543
              Additions for tax positions taken during prior years                                                 17,987                  40,145
              Reductions for tax positions taken during prior years                                                (9,310)                 (3,601)
              Additions for tax positions taken during the current year                                             4,112                  14,329
              Settlements                                                                                              —                   (9,858)
              Expiration of statutes of limitations                                                                (7,749)                 (6,253)
              Balance at end of year                                                           $                  148,345 $               143,305

         The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate was $120,699 as of December 31,
         2022 and $117,552 as of December 31, 2021.

         We report accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. We recognized a net tax expense of
         $4,862, $8,924 and $1,564 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, for interest and penalties. Accrued net interest and penalties were
         $25,328 as of December 31, 2022 and $20,466 as of December 31, 2021.

         The Company and its subsidiaries file tax returns in the United States, including various state and local returns, and in other foreign
         jurisdictions. We are routinely audited by taxing authorities in our filing jurisdictions, and a number of these disputes are currently
         underway, including multi-year controversies at various stages of review, negotiation and litigation in Mexico, China, Canada and the
         United States. The outcome of tax audits cannot be predicted with certainty, including the timing of resolution or potential settlements.
         If any issues addressed in our tax audits are resolved in a manner not consistent with management’s expectations, we could be required
         to adjust our provision for income taxes in the period such resolution occurs. Based on our current assessments, we believe adequate
         provision has been made for all income tax uncertainties.

         We reasonably expect reductions in the liability for unrecognized tax benefits of approximately $22,253 within the next 12 months
         because of the expiration of statutes of limitations and settlements of tax audits.

         As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately $620,697 of undistributed earnings of our international subsidiaries. During 2020,
         previously undistributed earnings of certain international subsidiaries were no longer considered indefinitely reinvested; however, the
         Company had previously recognized a one-time U.S. repatriation tax due under U.S. tax reform, and as a result, only an immaterial
         amount of withholding tax was recognized. We intend to continue to reinvest the remainder of the earnings outside of the United States
         for which there would be a material tax implication to distributing, such as withholding tax, for the foreseeable future and, therefore,
         have not recognized additional tax expense on these earnings beyond the one-time U.S. repatriation tax due under the 2017 Tax Cuts
         and Jobs Act.




             Table of Contents                            The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 76




99 sur 132                                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




100 sur 132                                                     4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                     https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                   THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                          (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)



         Investments in Partnerships Qualifying for Tax Credits
         We invest in partnerships which make equity investments in projects eligible to receive federal historic and energy tax credits. The
         investments are accounted for under the equity method and reported within other non-current assets in our Consolidated Balance Sheets.
         The tax credits, when realized, are recognized as a reduction of tax expense under the flow-through method, at which time the
         corresponding equity investment is written-down to reflect the remaining value of the future benefits to be realized. For the years ended
         December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 we recognized investment tax credits and related outside basis difference benefits totaling
         $228,819, $136,243 and $146,021, respectively, and we wrote-down the equity investment by $188,286, $113,756 and $125,579,
         respectively, to reflect the realization of these benefits. The equity investment write-down is reflected within other (income) expense,
         net in the Consolidated Statements of Income (see Note 17).

         Inflation Reduction Act

         On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act (“IRA”) was signed into law. The IRA enacted a 15% corporate minimum tax on
         certain corporations and an excise tax on share repurchases after December 31, 2022, and created and extended certain energy-related
         tax credits and incentives, as well as other provisions. We currently do not expect the tax-related provisions of the IRA to have a
         material impact on our consolidated financial statements, including our annual effective tax rate, or on our liquidity. We will continue to
         monitor and assess the impact the IRA may have on our business and financial results.

         American Rescue Plan Act
         On March 11, 2021, the American Rescue Plan Act (“ARPA”) was signed into law. The ARPA strengthens and extends certain federal
         programs enacted through the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act and other coronavirus disease 2019 (“COVID-19”)
         relief measures, and establishes new federal programs, including provisions on taxes, healthcare and unemployment benefits. The
         ARPA did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

         Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act
         On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (“CARES”) Act was signed into law. The CARES Act
         provides a substantial stimulus and assistance package intended to address the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including tax relief
         and government loans, grants and investments. The CARES Act did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements
         for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

         11. PENSION AND OTHER POST-RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS

         We sponsor a number of defined benefit pension plans. The primary plans are The Hershey Company Retirement Plan and The Hershey
         Company Retirement Plan for Hourly Employees. These are cash balance plans that provide pension benefits for most domestic
         employees hired prior to January 1, 2007. We also sponsor two post-retirement benefit plans: health care and life insurance. The health
         care plan is contributory, with participants’ contributions adjusted annually. The life insurance plan is non-contributory.




         Table of Contents                             The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 77




101 sur 132                                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                    https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                 THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                         (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)




         Obligations and Funded Status
         A summary of the changes in benefit obligations, plan assets and funded status of these plans is as follows:
                                                                                 Pension Benefits                          Other Benefits
          December 31,                                                         2022            2021                     2022            2021
          Change in benefit obligation
          Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year               $    1,076,180 $       1,168,838     $         211,490 $       243,308
          Service cost                                                            17,500            21,361                   302           1,879
          Interest cost                                                           30,491            18,320                 4,603           3,857
          Actuarial (gain) loss                                                 (184,775)          (33,984)              (28,145)        (14,787)
          Settlement                                                             (82,907)          (75,985)                   —               —
          Currency translation and other                                          (3,268)              619                  (613)            113
          Benefits paid                                                          (22,936)          (22,989)              (22,748)        (22,880)
          Projected benefit obligation at end of year                            830,285         1,076,180               164,889         211,490
          Change in plan assets
          Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year                       1,098,191         1,100,245                    —               —
          Actual return on plan assets                                          (196,969)           68,361                    —               —
          Employer contributions                                                  55,799            28,220                22,748          22,880
          Settlement                                                             (82,907)          (75,985)                   —               —
          Currency translation and other                                          (2,746)              339                    —               —
          Benefits paid                                                          (22,936)          (22,989)              (22,748)        (22,880)
          Fair value of plan assets at end of year                               848,432         1,098,191                    —               —
          Funded status at end of year                                    $       18,147 $          22,011     $        (164,889) $     (211,490)

          Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets:
          Other assets                                                    $       53,495 $          71,618     $              — $             —
          Accrued liabilities                                                     (7,652)          (12,584)              (17,715)        (17,886)
          Other long-term liabilities                                            (27,696)          (37,023)             (147,174)       (193,604)
          Total                                                           $       18,147 $          22,011     $        (164,889) $     (211,490)

          Amounts recognized in Accumulated Other
          Comprehensive Income (Loss), net of tax:
          Actuarial net (loss) gain                                       $     (150,378) $       (132,917)    $          19,689   $       1,137
          Net prior service credit                                                12,435            15,399                    —               —
          Net amounts recognized in AOCI                                  $     (137,943) $       (117,518)    $          19,689   $       1,137

         The projected benefit obligation during 2022 was impacted by actuarial gain of $184,775 which was mainly the result of the discount
         rate assumption increasing from 2.7% at December 31, 2021 to 5.5% at December 31, 2022. The accumulated benefit obligation for all
         defined benefit pension plans was $799,635 as of December 31, 2022 and $1,031,197 as of December 31, 2021.




         Table of Contents                            The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 78




102 sur 132                                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                     https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                  THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                            (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)



         Plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets were as follows:

         December 31,                                                                                       2022                     2021
         Projected benefit obligation                                                              $               79,932    $           108,034
         Accumulated benefit obligation                                                                            68,665                 92,462
         Fair value of plan assets                                                                                 44,584                 58,427


         Net Periodic Benefit Cost
         The components of net periodic benefit cost were as follows:
                                                                     Pension Benefits                              Other Benefits
          For the years ended December 31,                2022            2021           2020           2022           2021             2020
          Amounts recognized in net periodic
          benefit cost
          Service cost                                $     17,500 $        21,361 $      21,734 $           302    $       1,879   $       159
          Interest cost                                     30,491          18,320        26,112           4,603            3,857         6,029
          Expected return on plan assets                   (47,637)        (49,091)      (52,907)             —                —             —
          Amortization of prior service (credit)
          cost                                              (5,651)         (6,142)       (7,308)             —                —            300
          Amortization of net loss                          16,060          20,556        26,952             (92)           1,593           (39)
          Settlement loss                                   20,692          16,085        13,421              —                —             —
          Total net periodic benefit cost             $     31,455 $        21,089 $      28,004 $         4,813 $          7,329   $     6,449

          Change in plan assets and benefit
          obligations recognized in AOCI, pre-
          tax
          Actuarial net (gain) loss                   $     22,609    $    (80,047) $    (15,606) $      (26,212) $       (16,374) $     15,266
          Prior service cost (credit)                        5,601           6,447         7,310              —                —           (300)
          Total recognized in other
          comprehensive (income) loss, pre-tax        $     28,210    $    (73,600) $     (8,296) $      (26,212) $       (16,374) $     14,966
          Net amounts recognized in periodic
          benefit cost and AOCI                       $     59,665    $    (52,511) $     19,708    $    (21,399) $         (9,045) $    21,415


         The non-service cost components of net periodic benefit cost relating to pension and other post-retirement benefit plans is reflected
         within other (income) expense, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income (see Note 17).

         Assumptions
         The weighted-average assumptions used in computing the year end benefit obligations were as follows:
                                                                                      Pension Benefits                     Other Benefits
          December 31,                                                              2022            2021                2022            2021
          Discount rate                                                                 5.5 %            2.7 %              5.5 %          2.9 %
          Rate of increase in compensation levels                                       3.4 %            3.5 %              4.0 %           N/A
          Interest crediting rate                                                       4.7 %            4.6 %               N/A            N/A




         Table of Contents                             The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 79




103 sur 132                                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




104 sur 132                                                     4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                      https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                  THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                          (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)



         The weighted-average assumptions used in computing net periodic benefit cost were as follows:
                                                                            Pension Benefits                             Other Benefits
          For the years ended December 31,                          2022         2021          2020            2022          2021          2020
          Discount rate                                               2.7 %         2.3 %         3.1 %          2.9 %          2.5 %        3.2 %
          Expected long-term return on plan assets                    4.9 %         4.8 %         5.3 %           N/A            N/A          N/A
          Rate of compensation increase                               3.5 %         3.5 %         3.6 %           N/A            N/A          N/A


         The Company’s discount rate assumption is determined by developing a yield curve based on high quality corporate bonds with
         maturities matching the plans’ expected benefit payment streams. The plans’ expected cash flows are then discounted by the resulting
         year-by-year spot rates. We base the asset return assumption on current and expected asset allocations, as well as historical and expected
         returns on the plan asset categories.

         We utilize a full yield curve approach in the estimation of service and interest costs by applying the specific spot rates along the yield
         curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows. This approach provides a more precise
         measurement of service and interest costs by improving the correlation between the projected cash flows to the corresponding spot rates
         along the yield curve. This approach does not affect the measurement of our pension and other post-retirement benefit liabilities but
         generally results in lower benefit expense in periods when the yield curve is upward sloping.

         For purposes of measuring our post-retirement benefit obligation at December 31, 2022, we assumed a 6.7% annual rate of increase in
         the per capita cost of covered health care benefits for 2023, grading down to 5.0% by 2030. For purposes of measuring our post-
         retirement benefit obligation at December 31, 2021, we assumed a 6.2% annual rate of increase in the per capita cost of covered health
         care benefits for 2022, grading down to 5.0% by 2025.

         The valuations and assumptions reflect adoption of the Society of Actuaries updated Pri-2012 mortality tables with MP-2021
         generational projection scales, which we adopted as of December 31, 2021. The Society of Actuaries did not update the Pri-2012
         mortality tables in 2022. Adoption of the updated scales did not have a significant impact on our current pension obligations or net
         period benefit cost since our primary plans are cash balance plans and most participants take lump-sum settlements upon retirement.

         Plan Assets
         We broadly diversify our pension plan assets across public equity, fixed income, diversified credit strategies and diversified alternative
         strategies asset classes. Our target asset allocation for our major domestic pension plans as of December 31, 2022 was as follows:
          Asset Class                                                                                                 Target Asset Allocation
          Cash                                                                                                                  1%
          Equity securities                                                                                                    27%
          Fixed income securities                                                                                              48%
          Alternative investments, including real estate, listed infrastructure and other                                      24%

         As of December 31, 2022, actual allocations were consistent with the targets and within our allowable ranges. We expect the level of
         volatility in pension plan asset returns to be in line with the overall volatility of the markets within each asset class.




         Table of Contents                             The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 80




105 sur 132                                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                          https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                    THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                            (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)



         The following table sets forth by level, within the fair value hierarchy (as defined in Note 6), pension plan assets at their fair values as
         of December 31, 2022:
                                                                   Quoted prices in                                            Investments
                                                                       active         Significant other   Significant other   Using NAV as a
                                                                     markets of          observable         unobservable         Practical
                                                                   identical assets        inputs              inputs           Expedient
                                                                      (Level 1)           (Level 2)           (Level 3)             (1)             Total
          Cash and cash equivalents                               $           327     $       29,595      $             —     $         566    $      30,488
          Equity securities:
              Global all-cap (a)                                               —                   —                    —          206,636          206,636
          Fixed income securities:
              U.S. government/agency                                           —                   —                    —          173,122          173,122
              Corporate bonds (b)                                              —                   —                    —           58,646           58,646
              International government/corporate bonds (c)                     —                   —                    —           26,489           26,489
              Diversified credit (d)                                           —                   —                    —          109,926          109,926
          Alternative investments:
              Global diversified assets (e)                                    —                  —                     —           95,243           95,243
              Real assets fund (f)                                             —                  —                     —          147,882          147,882
          Total pension plan assets                               $           327     $       29,595      $             —     $    818,510     $    848,432

         The following table sets forth by level, within the fair value hierarchy, pension plan assets at their fair values as of December 31, 2021:
                                                                  Quoted prices in                                             Investments
                                                                      active          Significant other   Significant other   Using NAV as a
                                                                    markets of           observable         unobservable         Practical
                                                                  identical assets         inputs              inputs           Expedient
                                                                     (Level 1)            (Level 2)           (Level 3)             (1)            Total
          Cash and cash equivalents                               $          534      $       23,715      $            —      $         649    $      24,898
          Equity securities:
              Global all-cap (a)                                               —                   —                   —           294,090          294,090
          Fixed income securities:
              U.S. government/agency                                           —                   —                   —           248,579          248,579
              Corporate bonds (b)                                              —                   —                   —            78,360           78,360
              International government/corporate bonds (c)                     —                   —                   —            31,922           31,922
              Diversified credit (d)                                           —                   —                   —           154,004          154,004
          Alternative investments:
              Global diversified assets (e)                                   —                   —                    —             97,412           97,412
              Real assets fund (f)                                            —                   —                    —            168,926          168,926
          Total pension plan assets                               $          534      $       23,715      $            —      $   1,073,942    $   1,098,191


              (1) Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have
                  not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy but are included to reconcile to the amounts presented in our Obligations and
                  Funded Status table.




         Table of Contents                               The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 81




106 sur 132                                                                                                                                        4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                          https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                      THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                              (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)



          (a)       This category comprises equity funds that primarily track the MSCI World Index or MSCI All Country World Index.
          (b)       This category comprises fixed income funds primarily invested in investment grade and high yield bonds.
          (c)       This category comprises fixed income funds primarily invested in Canadian and other international bonds.
          (d)       This category comprises fixed income funds primarily invested in high yield bonds, loans, securitized debt and emerging market
                    debt.
          (e)       This category comprises diversified funds invested across alternative asset classes.
          (f)       This category comprises funds primarily invested in publicly traded real estate securities, publicly listed infrastructure securities
                    and real estate debt.

         The fair value of the Level 1 assets was based on quoted prices in active markets for the identical assets. The fair value of the Level 2
         assets was determined by management based on an assessment of valuations provided by asset management entities and was calculated
         by aggregating market prices for all underlying securities.

         Investment objectives for our domestic plan assets are:

                •     To ensure high correlation between the value of plan assets and liabilities;
                •     To maintain careful control of the risk level within each asset class; and
                •     To focus on a long-term return objective.

         We believe that there are no significant concentrations of risk within our plan assets as of December 31, 2022. We comply with the rules
         and regulations promulgated under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (“ERISA”) and we prohibit investments and
         investment strategies not allowed by ERISA. We do not permit direct purchases of our Company’s securities or the use of derivatives
         for the purpose of speculation. We invest the assets of non-domestic plans in compliance with laws and regulations applicable to those
         plans.

         Cash Flows and Plan Termination
         Our policy is to fund domestic pension liabilities in accordance with the limits imposed by the ERISA, federal income tax laws and the
         funding requirements of the Pension Protection Act of 2006. We fund non-domestic pension liabilities in accordance with laws and
         regulations applicable to those plans.

         We made total contributions to the pension plans of $55,799 during 2022. In 2021, we made total contributions of $28,220 to the
         pension plans. For 2023, minimum funding requirements for our pension plans are approximately $1,746.

         Total benefit payments expected to be paid to plan participants, including pension benefits funded from the plans and other benefits
         funded from Company assets, are as follows:
                                                                                    Expected Benefit Payments
                                                    2023              2024            2025            2026                 2027            2028-2032
          Pension Benefits                     $     115,689     $      88,637    $     88,579 $        91,949       $       75,724    $       326,440
          Other Benefits                              17,745            16,794          15,579          14,465               13,654             57,698

         Savings Plans
         The Company sponsors several defined contribution plans to provide retirement benefits to employees. Contributions to The Hershey
         Company 401(k) Plan and similar plans for non-domestic employees are based on a portion of eligible pay up to a defined maximum.
         All matching contributions were made in cash. Expense associated with the defined contribution plans was $61,477 in 2022, $58,883 in
         2021 and $52,793 in 2020.




         Table of Contents                                 The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 82




107 sur 132                                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                     https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                  THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                          (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)




         12. STOCK COMPENSATION PLANS

         Share-based grants for compensation and incentive purposes are made pursuant to the Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan
         (“EICP”). The EICP provides for grants of one or more of the following stock-based compensation awards to employees, non-employee
         directors and certain service providers upon whom the successful conduct of our business is dependent:


               •   Non-qualified stock options (“stock options”);
               •   Performance stock units (“PSUs”) and performance stock;
               •   Stock appreciation rights;
               •   Restricted stock units (“RSUs”) and restricted stock; and
               •   Other stock-based awards.

         As of December 31, 2022, 65.8 million shares were authorized and approved by our stockholders for grants under the EICP. The EICP
         also provides for the deferral of stock-based compensation awards by participants if approved by the Compensation and Human Capital
         Committee of our Board and if in accordance with an applicable deferred compensation plan of the Company. Currently, the
         Compensation and Human Capital Committee has authorized the deferral of PSU and RSU awards by certain eligible employees under
         the Company’s Deferred Compensation Plan. Our Board has authorized our non-employee directors to defer any portion of their cash
         retainer, committee chair fees and RSUs awarded that they elect to convert into deferred stock units under our Directors’ Compensation
         Plan.

         At the time stock options are exercised or PSUs and RSUs become payable, Common Stock is issued from our accumulated treasury
         shares. Dividend equivalents are credited on RSUs on the same date and at the same rate as dividends paid on our Common Stock.
         Dividend equivalents are charged to retained earnings and included in accrued liabilities until paid.

         Awards to employees eligible for retirement prior to the award becoming fully vested are amortized to expense over the period through
         the date that the employee first becomes eligible to retire and is no longer required to provide service to earn the award. In addition,
         historical data is used to estimate forfeiture rates and record share-based compensation expense only for those awards that are expected
         to vest.

         For the periods presented, compensation expense for all types of stock-based compensation programs and the related income tax benefit
         recognized were as follows:
          For the years ended December 31,                                         2022                     2021                    2020
          Pre-tax compensation expense                                    $               65,991   $               66,711   $              57,584
          Related income tax benefit                                                       9,635                   11,608                   8,580

         Compensation expenses for stock compensation plans are primarily included in SM&A expense. As of December 31, 2022, total stock-
         based compensation expense related to non-vested awards not yet recognized was $74,635 and the weighted-average period over which
         this amount is expected to be recognized was approximately 1.9 years.

         Stock Options
         The exercise price of each stock option awarded under the EICP equals the closing price of our Common Stock on the New York Stock
         Exchange on the date of grant. Each stock option has a maximum term of 10 years. Grants of stock options provide for pro-rated
         vesting, typically over a four-year period. Expense for stock options is based on grant date fair value and recognized on a straight-line
         method over the vesting period, net of estimated forfeitures.




         Table of Contents                            The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 83




108 sur 132                                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                          https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                     THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                              (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)



         A summary of activity relating to grants of stock options for the year ended December 31, 2022 is as follows:
                                                                                        Weighted-
                                                                                         Average       Weighted-Average
                                                                                      Exercise Price        Remaining     Aggregate
         Stock Options                                                  Shares         (per share)     Contractual Term Intrinsic Value
         Outstanding at beginning of the period                           1,332,956           $102.78        4.4 years
         Granted                                                              4,025           $202.03
         Exercised                                                         (351,503)            $99.11
         Forfeited                                                           (6,971)          $123.07
         Expired                                                             (1,873)          $103.07
         Outstanding as of December 31, 2022                                976,634           $104.36        3.8 years  $        124,240
         Options exercisable as of December 31, 2022                        943,561           $102.54        3.7 years  $        121,749

         The weighted-average fair value of options granted was $37.28, $24.12 and $21.31 per share in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The
         fair value was estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model and the following weighted-average
         assumptions:
         For the years ended December 31,                                                2022                  2021               2020
         Dividend yields                                                                       1.9 %                 2.2 %              2.1 %
         Expected volatility                                                                  21.1 %                21.8 %             17.5 %
         Risk-free interest rates                                                              1.9 %                   1%               1.3 %
         Expected term in years                                                                   6.3                   6.3                6.7

               •   “Dividend yields” means the sum of dividends declared for the four most recent quarterly periods, divided by the average price
                   of our Common Stock for the comparable periods;
               •   “Expected volatility” means the historical volatility of our Common Stock over the expected term of each grant;
               •   “Risk-free interest rates” means the U.S. Treasury yield curve rate in effect at the time of grant for periods within the
                   contractual life of the stock option; and
               •   “Expected term” means the period of time that stock options granted are expected to be outstanding based on historical data.

         The total intrinsic value of options exercised was $40,882, $38,645 and $32,121 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

         As of December 31, 2022, there was $826 of total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested stock option awards
         granted under the EICP, which we expect to recognize over a weighted-average period of 1.1 years.

         The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2022:
                                                                        Options Outstanding                                Options Exercisable
                                                                         Weighted-Average
                                                        Number              Remaining                               Number
                                                    Outstanding as of       Contractual       Weighted-Average   Exercisable as of    Weighted-Average
                   Range of Exercise Prices             12/31/22           Life in Years       Exercise Price       12/31/22           Exercise Price
                      $60.68 - $99.90                       472,273                    4.1             $96.38            472,273                  $96.38
                     $99.91 - $107.95                       376,889                    2.8            $106.88            376,889                 $106.88
                    $107.96 - $202.03                       127,472                    5.6            $126.44             94,399                 $116.00
                     $60.68 - $202.03                       976,634                    3.8            $104.36            943,561                 $102.54




         Table of Contents                               The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 84




109 sur 132                                                                                                                                      4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                       https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                     THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                            (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)




         Performance Stock Units and Restricted Stock Units
         Under the EICP, we grant PSUs to selected executives and other key employees. Vesting is contingent upon the achievement of certain
         performance objectives. We grant PSUs over 3-year performance cycles. If we meet targets for financial measures at the end of the
         applicable 3-year performance cycle, we award a resulting number of shares of our Common Stock to the participants. The number of
         shares may be increased to the maximum or reduced to the minimum threshold based on the results of these performance metrics in
         accordance with the terms established at the time of the award.

         For PSUs granted, the target award is a combination of a market-based total shareholder return and performance-based components. For
         market-based condition components, market volatility and other factors are taken into consideration in determining the grant date fair
         value and the related compensation expense is recognized regardless of whether the market condition is satisfied, provided that the
         requisite service has been provided. For performance-based condition components, we estimate the probability that the performance
         conditions will be achieved each quarter and adjust compensation expenses accordingly. The performance scores of PSUs granted in
         2022, 2021, and 2020 can range from 0% to 250% of the targeted amounts.

         We recognize the compensation expense associated with PSUs ratably over the 3-year term. Compensation expense is based on the
         grant date fair value because the grants can only be settled in shares of our Common Stock. The grant date fair value of PSUs is
         determined based on the Monte Carlo simulation model for the market-based total shareholder return component and the closing market
         price of the Company’s Common Stock on the date of grant for performance-based components.

         In 2022, 2021 and 2020, we awarded RSUs to certain executive officers and other key employees under the EICP. We also awarded
         RSUs quarterly to non-employee directors.

         We recognize the compensation expense associated with employee RSUs over a specified award vesting period based on the grant date
         fair value of our Common Stock. We recognize expense for employee RSUs based on the straight-line method. The compensation
         expense associated with non-employee director RSUs is recognized ratably over the vesting period, net of estimated forfeitures.

         A summary of activity relating to grants of PSUs and RSUs for the period ended December 31, 2022 is as follows:
                                                                                                          Weighted-average grant date fair value
              Performance Stock Units and Restricted Stock Units                      Number of units         for equity awards (per unit)
              Outstanding at beginning of year                                              1,303,521                                     $146.96
              Granted                                                                         313,285                                     $211.85
              Performance assumption change (1)                                                77,150                                     $253.68
              Vested                                                                         (516,502)                                    $130.69
              Forfeited                                                                       (35,775)                                    $167.81
              Outstanding at end of year                                                    1,141,679                                     $181.91

         (1) Reflects the net number of PSUs above and below target levels based on the performance metrics.

         The following table sets forth information about the fair value of the PSUs and RSUs granted for potential future distribution to
         employees and non-employee directors. In addition, the table provides assumptions used to determine the fair value of the market-based
         total shareholder return component using the Monte Carlo simulation model on the date of grant.
         For the years ended December 31,                                              2022                 2021                    2020
         Units granted                                                                   313,285              404,517                 353,037
         Weighted-average fair value at date of grant
                                                                                 $        211.85    $          154.83       $          161.30
          Monte Carlo simulation assumptions:
             Estimated values                                                     $         100.41   $            66.44   $             80.08
             Dividend yields                                                                   1.8 %                2.2 %                 2.0 %
             Expected volatility                                                              25.3 %               26.4 %                17.3 %




          Table of Contents                              The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 85




110 sur 132                                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                      https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                  THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                          (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)




               •   “Estimated values” means the fair value for the market-based total shareholder return component of each PSU at the date of
                   grant using a Monte Carlo simulation model;
               •   “Dividend yields” means the sum of dividends declared for the four most recently quarterly periods, divided by the average
                   price of our Common Stock for the comparable periods;
               •   “Expected volatility” means the historical volatility of our Common Stock over the expected term of each grant.

         The fair value of shares vested totaled $105,668, $52,008 and $56,294 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

         Deferred PSUs, deferred RSUs and deferred stock units representing directors’ fees totaled 266,469 units as of December 31, 2022.
         Each unit is equivalent to one share of the Company’s Common Stock.

         13. SEGMENT INFORMATION

         The Company reports its operations through three segments: (i) North America Confectionery, (ii) North America Salty Snacks and (iii)
         International. This organizational structure aligns with how our Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”) manages our business,
         including resource allocation and performance assessment, and further aligns with our product categories and the key markets we serve.

               •   North America Confectionery – This segment is responsible for our traditional chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery
                   market position in the United States and Canada. This includes our business in chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery,
                   gum and refreshment products, protein bars, spreads, snack bites and mixes, as well as pantry and food service lines. This
                   segment also includes our retail operations, including Hershey’s Chocolate World stores in Hershey, Pennsylvania; New York,
                   New York; Las Vegas, Nevada; Niagara Falls (Ontario) and Singapore, as well as operations associated with licensing the use
                   of certain of the Company’s trademarks and products to third parties around the world.

               •   North America Salty Snacks – This segment is responsible for our salty snacking products in the United States. This includes
                   ready-to-eat popcorn, baked and trans fat free snacks, pretzels and other snacks.

               •   International – International is a combination of all other operating segments that are not individually material, including
                   those geographic regions where we operate outside of North America. We currently have operations and manufacture product
                   in Mexico, Brazil, India and Malaysia, primarily for consumers in these regions, and also distribute and sell confectionery
                   products in export markets of Asia, Latin America, Middle East, Europe, Africa and other regions.

         For segment reporting purposes, we use “segment income” to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources. Segment income
         excludes unallocated general corporate administrative expenses, unallocated mark-to-market gains and losses on commodity
         derivatives, business realignment and impairment charges, acquisition-related costs and other unusual gains or losses that are not part of
         our measurement of segment performance. These items of our operating income are managed centrally at the corporate level and are
         excluded from the measure of segment income reviewed by the CODM as well the measure of segment performance used for incentive
         compensation purposes.

         Accounting policies associated with our operating segments are generally the same as those described in Note 1.

         As discussed in Note 5, derivatives used to manage commodity price risk are not designated for hedge accounting treatment. These
         derivatives are recognized at fair market value with the resulting realized and unrealized (gains) losses recognized in unallocated
         derivative (gains) losses outside of the reporting segment results until the related inventory is sold, at which time the related gains and
         losses are reallocated to segment income. This enables us to align the derivative gains and losses with the underlying economic
         exposure being hedged and thereby eliminate the mark-to-market volatility within our reported segment income.

         Certain manufacturing, warehousing, distribution and other activities supporting our global operations are integrated to maximize
         efficiency and productivity. As a result, assets and capital expenditures are not managed on a segment basis and are not included in the
         information reported to the CODM for the purpose of evaluating performance or allocating resources. We disclose depreciation and
         amortization that is generated by segment-specific assets, since these amounts are included within the measure of segment income
         reported to the CODM.




          Table of Contents                            The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 86




111 sur 132                                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




112 sur 132                                                     4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                 THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                         (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)




         Our segment net sales and earnings were as follows:

          For the years ended December 31,                                                  2022                2021                2020
          Net sales:
            North America Confectionery                                              $      8,536,480    $        7,682,416   $      7,084,860
            North America Salty Snacks                                                      1,029,405               555,424            438,224
            International                                                                     853,409               733,497            626,635
          Total                                                                      $     10,419,294    $        8,971,337   $      8,149,719

          Segment income (loss):
            North America Confectionery                                              $       2,811,066   $        2,475,873   $      2,274,584
            North America Salty Snacks                                                         159,935              100,777             75,845
            International                                                                      107,927               74,170                (14)
          Total segment income                                                               3,078,928            2,650,820          2,350,415
          Unallocated corporate expense (1)                                                    735,542              614,875            520,632
          Unallocated mark-to-market losses (gains) on commodity derivatives                    78,182             (24,376)              6,429
          Long-lived asset impairment charges (see Note 6)                                          —                    —               9,143
          Costs associated with business realignment activities (see Note 9)                     4,417               16,599             31,513
          Operating profit                                                                   2,260,787            2,043,722          1,782,698
          Interest expense, net (see Note 4)                                                   137,557              127,417            149,374
          Other (income) expense, net (see Note 17)                                            206,159              119,081            138,327
          Income before income taxes                                                 $       1,917,071   $        1,797,224   $      1,494,997

         (1) Includes centrally-managed (a) corporate functional costs relating to legal, treasury, finance, and human resources, (b) expenses
             associated with the oversight and administration of our global operations, including warehousing, distribution and manufacturing,
             information systems and global shared services, (c) non-cash stock-based compensation expense, (d) acquisition-related costs and
             (e) other gains or losses that are not integral to segment performance.


         Activity within the unallocated mark-to-market losses (gains) on commodity derivatives is as follows:
         For the years ended December 31,                                                          2022              2021            2020
         Net gains on mark-to-market valuation of commodity derivative positions
         recognized in income                                                                $       (44,569) $        (85,402) $       (6,593)
         Net gains on commodity derivative positions reclassified from unallocated to
         segment income                                                                              122,751           61,026           13,022
         Net losses (gains) on mark-to-market valuation of commodity derivative positions
         recognized in unallocated derivative losses (gains)                                 $        78,182 $         (24,376) $          6,429

         As of December 31, 2022, the cumulative amount of mark-to-market gains on commodity derivatives that have been recognized in our
         consolidated cost of sales and not yet allocated to reportable segments was $8,735. Based on our forecasts of the timing of the
         recognition of the underlying hedged items, we expect to reclassify net pretax gains on commodity derivatives of $1,228 to segment
         operating results in the next twelve months.




          Table of Contents                          The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 87




113 sur 132                                                                                                                           4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                    https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                 THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                         (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)



         Depreciation and amortization expense included within segment income presented above is as follows:

          For the years ended December 31,                                         2022                    2021                     2020
          North America Confectionery                                     $            228,399    $            213,113    $             198,951
          North America Salty Snacks                                                    68,600                  29,744                   27,362
          International                                                                 23,148                  22,754                   24,533
          Corporate                                                                     58,812                  49,391                   44,061
          Total                                                           $            378,959    $            315,002    $             294,907

         Additional information regarding our net sales and long-lived assets disaggregated by geographical region is as follows:

          For the years ended December 31,                                        2022                     2021                     2020
          Net sales:
            United States                                                 $          9,121,166    $           7,807,606   $           7,042,804
            Other                                                                    1,298,128                1,163,731               1,106,915
          Total                                                           $         10,419,294    $           8,971,337   $           8,149,719

          Long-lived assets:
            United States                                                 $          2,272,811    $           2,099,786   $           1,836,114
            Other                                                                      496,891                  486,401                 449,141
          Total                                                           $          2,769,702    $           2,586,187   $           2,285,255


         14. EQUITY AND TREASURY STOCK ACTIVITY

         We had 1,055,000,000 authorized shares of capital stock as of December 31, 2022. Of this total, 900,000,000 shares were designated as
         Common Stock, 150,000,000 shares were designated as Class B Common Stock (“Class B Stock”) and 5,000,000 shares were
         designated as Preferred Stock. Each class has a par value of one dollar per share.

         Holders of the Common Stock and the Class B Stock generally vote together without regard to class on matters submitted to
         stockholders, including the election of directors. The holders of Common Stock have 1 vote per share and the holders of Class B
         Common Stock have 10 votes per share. However, the Common Stock holders, voting separately as a class, are entitled to elect one-
         sixth of the Board. With respect to dividend rights, the Common Stock holders are entitled to cash dividends 10% higher than those
         declared and paid on the Class B Common Stock.

         Class B Stock can be converted into Common Stock on a share-for-share basis at any time. During 2022, 2,500,000 shares of Class B
         Common Stock were converted to Common Stock by Hershey Trust Company, as trustee for the Milton Hershey School Trust (the
         “School Trust”). During 2021 and 2020, no shares of Class B Stock were converted into Common Stock.




          Table of Contents                           The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 88




114 sur 132                                                                                                                            4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                        https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                     THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                             (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)



         Changes in the outstanding shares of Common Stock for the past three years were as follows:
              For the years ended December 31,                                               2022               2021               2020
              Shares issued                                                                 221,553,025        221,553,025        221,553,025
                 Treasury shares at beginning of year                                       (15,444,011)       (13,325,898)       (12,723,592)
              Stock repurchases:
                  Shares repurchased in the open market under pre-approved share
                  repurchase programs                                                                 —            (871,144)          (951,138)
                  Milton Hershey School Trust repurchase                                      (1,000,000)                —                  —
                  Shares repurchased in the open market to replace Treasury Stock
                  issued for stock options and incentive compensation                          (824,701)        (2,005,500)           (450,000)
                Stock issuances:
                  Shares issued for stock options and incentive compensation                    680,404            758,531            798,832
                Treasury shares at end of year                                              (16,588,308)       (15,444,011)       (13,325,898)
              Net shares outstanding at end of year                                         204,964,717        206,109,014        208,227,127

         In July 2018, our Board of Directors approved a $500,000 share repurchase authorization to repurchase shares of our Common Stock.
         As of December 31, 2022, $109,983 remained available for repurchases of our Common Stock under this program. In May 2021, our
         Board of Directors approved an additional $500,000 share repurchase authorization. This program is to commence after the existing
         2018 authorization is completed and is to be utilized at management’s discretion. We are authorized to purchase our outstanding shares
         in open market and privately negotiated transactions. The program has no expiration date and acquired shares of Common Stock will be
         held as treasury shares. Purchases under approved share repurchase authorizations are in addition to our practice of buying back shares
         sufficient to offset those issued under incentive compensation plans.

         Hershey Trust Company
         Hershey Trust Company, as trustee for the School Trust and as direct owner of investment shares, held 39,630 shares of our Common
         Stock as of December 31, 2022. As trustee for the School Trust, Hershey Trust Company held 58,112,012 shares of the Class B
         Common Stock as of December 31, 2022, and was entitled to cast approximately 80% of all of the votes entitled to be cast on matters
         requiring the vote of both classes of our common stock voting together. Hershey Trust Company, as trustee for the School Trust, or any
         successor trustee, or Milton Hershey School, as appropriate, must approve any issuance of shares of Common Stock or other action that
         would result in it not continuing to have voting control of our Company.

         Stock Purchase Agreements
         In February 2023, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Hershey Trust Company, as trustee for the School Trust,
         pursuant to which the Company purchased 1,000,000 shares of the Company’s Common Stock from the School Trust at a price equal to
         $239.91 per share, for a total purchase price of $239,910. As a result of this repurchase, our July 2018 share repurchase authorization
         program was completed in February 2023.

         In February 2022, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Hershey Trust Company, as trustee for the School Trust,
         pursuant to which the Company purchased 1,000,000 shares of the Company’s Common Stock from the School Trust at a price equal to
         $203.35 per share, for a total purchase price of $203,350.




          Table of Contents                             The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 89




115 sur 132                                                                                                                           4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                      https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                  THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                          (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)




         15. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

         Purchase obligations
         We enter into certain obligations for the purchase of raw materials. These obligations are primarily in the form of forward contracts for
         the purchase of raw materials from third-party brokers and dealers. These contracts minimize the effect of future price fluctuations by
         fixing the price of part or all of these purchase obligations. Total obligations consisted of fixed price contracts for the purchase of
         commodities and unpriced contracts that were valued using market prices as of December 31, 2022.

         The cost of commodities associated with the unpriced contracts is variable as market prices change over future periods. We mitigate the
         variability of these costs to the extent that we have entered into commodities futures contracts or other commodity derivative
         instruments to hedge our costs for those periods. Increases or decreases in market prices are offset by gains or losses on commodities
         futures contracts or other commodity derivative instruments. Taking delivery of and making payments for the specific commodities for
         use in the manufacture of finished goods satisfies our obligations under the forward purchase contracts. For each of the three years in
         the period ended December 31, 2022, we satisfied these obligations by taking delivery of and making payment for the specific
         commodities.

         As of December 31, 2022, we had entered into agreements for the purchase of raw materials with various suppliers. Subject to meeting
         our quality standards, the purchase obligations covered by these agreements were as follows as of December 31, 2022:
          in millions                                        2023                2024               2025               2026               2027
          Purchase obligations                         $       1,871.0     $         202.6    $            12.5   $           12.5   $           12.5

         Environmental contingencies
         We have a number of facilities that contain varying amounts of asbestos in certain locations within the facilities. Our asbestos
         management program is compliant with current applicable regulations, which require that we handle or dispose of asbestos in a special
         manner if such facilities undergo major renovations or are demolished. We do not have sufficient information to estimate the fair value
         of any asset retirement obligations related to these facilities. We cannot specify the settlement date or range of potential settlement dates
         and, therefore, sufficient information is not available to apply an expected present value technique. We expect to maintain the facilities
         with repairs and maintenance activities that would not involve or require the removal of significant quantities of asbestos.

         Legal contingencies
         On February 12, 2021, Issouf Coubaly, individually and on behalf of proposed class members, filed a complaint (Coubaly v. Nestlé
         U.S.A. et al., 1:21-cv-00386-DLF (D.D.C. Feb. 12, 2021)) in the District Court of the District of Columbia, seeking injunctive relief
         and unspecified damages for alleged violations of child labor and human trafficking laws under the Trafficking Victims Protection
         Reauthorization Act. The Company was among several defendants named in the suit. The defendants filed a joint motion to dismiss the
         case on July 30, 2021, and on June 28, 2022, the District Court granted the motion and dismissed the case without prejudice. On July
         22, 2022, the plaintiffs filed an appeal in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia challenging the dismissal of the case.
         The Company continues to believe that the suit, including the appeal, is without merit and is defending vigorously against the appeal.
         In addition to the above-referenced matter, the Company is subject to certain legal proceedings and claims arising out of the ordinary
         course of our business, which cover a wide range of matters including trade regulation, product liability, advertising, contracts,
         environmental issues, patent and trademark matters, labor and employment matters, human and workplace rights matters and tax. While
         it is not feasible to predict or determine the outcome of such proceedings and claims with certainty, in our opinion these matters, both
         individually and in the aggregate, are not expected to have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash
         flows.




          Table of Contents                            The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 90




116 sur 132                                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                    https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                 THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                         (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)



         Collective Bargaining
         As of December 31, 2022, the Company employed approximately 18,075 full-time and 1,790 part-time employees worldwide.
         Collective bargaining agreements covered approximately 6,470 employees, or approximately 33% of the Company’s employees
         worldwide. During 2023, agreements will be negotiated for certain employees at five facilities, four of which are outside of the United
         States, comprising approximately 67% of total employees under collective bargaining agreements. We currently expect that we will be
         able to renegotiate such agreements on satisfactory terms when they expire.




          Table of Contents                           The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 91




117 sur 132                                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                                 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                       THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                                (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)




         16. EARNINGS PER SHARE

         We compute basic earnings per share for Common Stock and Class B common stock using the two-class method. The Class B common
         stock is convertible into Common Stock on a share-for-share basis at any time. In June 2022, 1,500,000 shares of Class B Common
         Stock were converted to Common Stock by Hershey Trust Company, as trustee for the School Trust. The computation of diluted
         earnings per share for Common Stock assumes the conversion of Class B common stock using the if-converted method, while the
         diluted earnings per share of Class B common stock does not assume the conversion of those shares.

         We compute basic and diluted earnings per share based on the weighted-average number of shares of Common Stock and Class B
         common stock outstanding as follows:
          For the years ended December 31,                                      2022                            2021                            2020
                                                                                        Class B                         Class B                         Class B
                                                                       Common          Common          Common          Common          Common          Common
                                                                        Stock            Stock          Stock            Stock          Stock            Stock
          Basic earnings per share:
           Numerator:
            Allocation of distributed earnings (cash
            dividends paid)                                        $   567,897     $     207,133   $   498,084     $     187,903   $     467,013   $     173,719
              Allocation of undistributed earnings                     637,438           232,349       574,772           216,753         464,802         173,174
            Total earnings—basic                                   $ 1,205,335     $     439,482   $ 1,072,856     $     404,656   $     931,815   $     346,893

              Denominator (shares in thousands):
               Total weighted-average shares—basic                       146,713          58,822         146,120          60,614         147,832          60,614

          Earnings Per Share—basic                                 $        8.22   $        7.47   $        7.34   $        6.68   $        6.30   $        5.72

          Diluted earnings per share:
           Numerator:
             Allocation of total earnings used in basic
             computation                                           $ 1,205,335     $     439,482   $ 1,072,856     $     404,656   $     931,815   $     346,893
             Reallocation of total earnings as a result of
             conversion of Class B common stock to
             Common stock                                              439,482                —      404,656                  —      346,893                  —
             Reallocation of undistributed earnings                         —             (1,201)         —               (1,098)         —                 (822)
             Total earnings—diluted                                $ 1,644,817     $     438,281 $ 1,477,512       $     403,558 $ 1,278,708       $     346,071

              Denominator (shares in thousands):
               Number of shares used in basic computation                146,713          58,822         146,120          60,614         147,832          60,614
               Weighted-average effect of dilutive securities:
                Conversion of Class B common stock to
                Common shares outstanding                                 58,822              —           60,614              —           60,614              —
                Employee stock options                                       571              —              609              —              600              —
                Performance and restricted stock units                       469              —              415              —              368              —
                Total weighted-average shares—diluted                    206,575          58,822         207,758          60,614         209,414          60,614

          Earnings Per Share—diluted                               $        7.96   $        7.45   $        7.11   $        6.66   $        6.11   $        5.71


         The earnings per share calculations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 excluded 5, 43 and 15 stock options (in
         thousands), respectively, that would have been antidilutive.




          Table of Contents                                      The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 92




118 sur 132                                                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                      https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                  THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                          (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)




         17. OTHER (INCOME) EXPENSE, NET

         Other (income) expense, net reports certain gains and losses associated with activities not directly related to our core operations. A
         summary of the components of other (income) expense, net is as follows:
           For the years ended December 31,                                                2022                  2021                  2020
          Write-down of equity investments in partnerships qualifying for
          historic and renewable energy tax credits (see Note 8)                    $         188,286     $          113,756    $          125,579
          Non-service cost components of net periodic benefit cost relating to
          pension and other post-retirement benefit plans (see Note 11)                        18,466                  5,177                12,560
          Other (income) expense, net                                                            (593)                   148                   188
          Total                                                                     $         206,159 $              119,081    $          138,327


         18. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

         Hershey Trust Company, as trustee for the trust established by Milton S. and Catherine S. Hershey that has as its sole beneficiary the
         School Trust, maintains voting control over The Hershey Company.

         In any given year, we may engage in certain transactions with Hershey Trust Company, Milton Hershey School, the Milton Hershey
         School Trust and companies owned by and/or affiliated with any of the foregoing. Most transactions with these related parties are
         immaterial and do not require disclosure, but certain transactions are more significant in nature and have been deemed material for
         disclosure.

         A summary of material related party transactions with Hershey Trust Company and/or its affiliates for the year ended December 31,
         2022 is as follows:

         Sale and Donation of Property, Plant and Equipment

         In May 2022, the Company entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”) with Hershey Trust Company, as
         trustee for the School Trust, pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell certain real and personal property consisting of
         approximately six acres of land located in Hershey, Pennsylvania, together with portions of a building located on the land. Additionally,
         in June 2022, the Company entered into a Donation Agreement with Hershey Trust Company, as trustee for The M.S. Hershey
         Foundation, pursuant to which the Company agreed to donate a portion of the building concurrently with the closing of the Purchase
         Agreement. The sale and donation transactions closed in June 2022. Total proceeds from the sale were approximately $6,300 (net of
         transaction and closing costs), resulting in a loss of $13,568, which was recorded in the SM&A expense caption within the Consolidated
         Statements of Income. The fair values of the disposed assets were supported by a proposed sales price submitted by a third-party buyer
         received prior to executing the Purchase Agreement.

         Stock Purchase Agreements

         In February 2023 and February 2022, the Company entered into Stock Purchase Agreements with Hershey Trust Company, as trustee
         for the School Trust, pursuant to which the Company purchased shares of its Common Stock from the School Trust (see Note 14).




          Table of Contents                            The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 93




119 sur 132                                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                        https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...


                                                      THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
                                               (amounts in thousands, except share data or if otherwise indicated)



         19. SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION

         The components of certain Consolidated Balance Sheet accounts are as follows:
          December 31,                                                                                      2022                   2021
          Inventories:
            Raw materials                                                                             $           372,612 $             395,358
            Goods in process                                                                                      137,298               110,008
            Finished goods                                                                                        855,217               649,082
            Inventories at FIFO                                                                                 1,365,127             1,154,448
            Adjustment to LIFO                                                                                   (192,008)             (165,937)
          Total inventories                                                                           $         1,173,119 $             988,511

          Prepaid expenses and other:
           Prepaid expenses                                                                           $              143,888   $          129,287
           Other current assets                                                                                      128,307              127,678
          Total prepaid expenses and other                                                            $              272,195   $          256,965

          Property, plant and equipment:
           Land                                                                                       $           155,963 $             154,494
           Buildings                                                                                            1,545,053             1,508,139
           Machinery and equipment                                                                              3,592,251             3,443,500
           Construction in progress                                                                               416,220               294,824
           Property, plant and equipment, gross                                                                 5,709,487             5,400,957
           Accumulated depreciation                                                                            (2,939,785)           (2,814,770)
          Property, plant and equipment, net                                                          $         2,769,702 $           2,586,187

          Other non-current assets:
           Pension                                                                                    $              53,495    $           71,618
           Capitalized software, net                                                                               320,034                260,656
           Operating lease ROU assets                                                                              326,472                351,712
           Investments in unconsolidated affiliates                                                                133,029                 93,089
           Other non-current assets                                                                                 111,959                91,128
          Total other non-current assets                                                              $            944,989     $          868,203

          Accrued liabilities:
           Payroll, compensation and benefits                                                         $              293,865   $          291,446
           Advertising, promotion and product allowances                                                             337,024              305,050
           Operating lease liabilities                                                                                31,787               36,292
           Other                                                                                                     169,842              222,850
          Total accrued liabilities                                                                   $              832,518   $          855,638

          Other long-term liabilities:
           Post-retirement benefits liabilities                                                       $              147,174   $          193,604
           Pension benefits liabilities                                                                               27,696               37,023
           Operating lease liabilities                                                                               294,849              310,899
           Other                                                                                                     250,023              245,532
          Total other long-term liabilities                                                           $              719,742   $          787,058

          Accumulated other comprehensive loss:
           Foreign currency translation adjustments                                                   $            (110,364) $            (100,025)
           Pension and post-retirement benefit plans, net of tax                                                   (118,254)              (116,381)
           Cash flow hedges, net of tax                                                                             (23,715)               (32,809)
          Total accumulated other comprehensive loss                                                  $            (252,333) $            (249,215)

         Table of Contents                                The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 94




120 sur 132                                                                                                                           4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




121 sur 132                                                     4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                     https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




          Item 9.    CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
                      DISCLOSURE
         None.


          Item 9A.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

         Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
         The Company’s management, with the participation of the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has
         evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the
         Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”), as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, the Company’s Chief
         Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of
         December 31, 2022.

         Design and Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
         Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be
         disclosed in the Company’s reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
         the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include,
         without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company’s reports filed
         under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and
         Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

         Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
         Management’s report on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting appears on the following page. There were no changes
         in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are
         reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.
         We rely extensively on information systems and technology to manage our business and summarize operating results. We are in the
         process of a multi-year implementation of a new global enterprise resource planning (“ERP”) system, which will replace our existing
         operating and financial systems. The ERP system is designed to accurately maintain the Company’s financial records, enhance
         operational functionality and provide timely information to the Company’s management team related to the operation of the business.
         The implementation is expected to occur in phases over the next several years. During the third quarter of 2022, we completed the
         implementation of our new ERP system for one operating segment which is included in our International segment. The portion of the
         transition to the new ERP system which we have completed to date did not result in significant changes in our internal control over
         financial reporting. However, as the next phases of the updated processes are rolled out in connection with the ERP implementation, we
         will give appropriate consideration to whether these process changes necessitate changes in the design of and testing for effectiveness of
         internal controls over financial reporting.




         Table of Contents                            The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 95




122 sur 132                                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




                    MANAGEMENT’S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
         The management of The Hershey Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
         reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). The Company’s internal control system was designed to provide
         reasonable assurance to the Company’s management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published
         financial statements.

         All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be
         effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.

         The Company’s management, including the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness
         of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, the Company’s
         management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal
         Control–Integrated Framework (2013 edition). Based on this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the
         Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria.

         The Company’s independent auditors have audited, and reported on, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as
         of December 31, 2022.

         Item 9B.    OTHER INFORMATION
         None.


         Item 9C.    DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS
         None.




         Table of Contents                           The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 96




123 sur 132                                                                                                                           4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                       https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




                                                                           PART III

          Item 10.   DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.
         The information regarding executive officers of the Company required by Item 401 of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by
         reference from the disclosure included under the caption “Supplemental Item. Information About Out Executive Officers” at the end of
         Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

         The information required by Item 401 of SEC Regulation S-K concerning the directors and nominees for director of the Company,
         together with a discussion of the specific experience, qualifications, attributes and skills that led the Board to conclude that the director
         or nominee should serve as a director at this time, will be located in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled “Proposal No. 1 –
         Election of Directors,” which information is incorporated herein by reference.

         Information regarding the identification of the Audit Committee as a separately-designated standing committee of the Board and
         information regarding the status of one or more members of the Audit Committee as an “audit committee financial expert” will be
         located in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled “Corporate Governance – Committees of the Board,” which information is
         incorporated herein by reference.

         Information regarding our Code of Conduct applicable to our directors, officers and employees is located in Part I of this Annual Report
         on Form 10-K, under the heading “Available Information.”

          Item 11.   EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.
         Information regarding the compensation of each of our named executive officers, including our Chief Executive Officer that is required
         by this Item 11 will be located in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled “Compensation Discussion & Analysis” and is incorporated
         herein by reference. Information regarding the compensation of our directors will be located in the Proxy Statement in the section
         entitled “Non-Employee Director Compensation,” which information is incorporated herein by reference.

         The information required by Item 407(e)(4) of SEC Regulation S-K will be located in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled
         “Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation,” which information is incorporated herein by reference.

         The information required by Item 407(e)(5) of SEC Regulation S-K will be located in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled
         “Compensation Committee Report,” which information is incorporated herein by reference.

          Item 12.   SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED
                     STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.
         Information concerning ownership of our voting securities by certain beneficial owners, individual nominees for director, the named
         executive officers, including persons serving as our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and directors and executive
         officers as a group, will be located in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled “Share Ownership of Directors, Management and
         Certain Beneficial Owners,” which information is incorporated herein by reference.

         Information regarding all of the Company’s equity compensation plans will be located in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled
         “Compensation Committee Report – Equity Compensation Plan Information,” which information is incorporated herein by reference.




         Table of Contents                              The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 97




124 sur 132                                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




          Item 13.   CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.
         Information regarding transactions with related persons will be located in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled “Certain
         Transactions and Relationships,” which information is incorporated herein by reference. Information regarding director independence
         will be located in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled “Corporate Governance – Director Independence,” which information is
         incorporated herein by reference.

          Item 14.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES.
         Information regarding “Principal Accounting Fees and Services,” including the policy regarding pre-approval of audit and non-audit
         services performed by our Company’s independent auditors, will be located in the Proxy Statement in the section entitled “Information
         about Our Independent Auditors,” which information is incorporated herein by reference.




         Table of Contents                           The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 98




125 sur 132                                                                                                                          4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                         https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




                                                                             PART IV

          Item 15.      EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

          Item 15(a)(1): Financial Statements
         The audited consolidated financial statements of The Hershey Company and its subsidiaries and the Report of Independent Registered
         Public Accounting Firm thereon, as required to be filed, are located under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

          Item 15(a)(2): Financial Statement Schedule
         Schedule II—Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for The Hershey Company and its subsidiaries for the years ended December 31,
         2022, 2021 and 2020 is filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K as required by Item 15(c).

         We omitted other schedules because they are not applicable or the required information is set forth in the consolidated financial
         statements or notes thereto.

          Item 15(a)(3): Exhibits
         The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

                                                                       EXHIBIT INDEX

              Exhibit
              Number                                                               Description
                3.1       The Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3 to the Company’s
                          Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 3, 2005.
                3.2       The Company’s By-laws, as amended and restated as of February 21, 2017, are incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.2 to the
                          Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018.
                4.1       The Company has issued certain long-term debt instruments, no one class of which creates indebtedness exceeding 10% of the
                          total assets of the Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. These classes consist of the following:
                          1) 2.625% Notes due 2023
                          2) 3.375% Notes due 2023
                          3) 2.050% Notes due 2024
                          4) 0.900% Notes due 2025
                          5) 3.200% Notes due 2025
                          6) 2.300% Notes due 2026
                          7) 7.200% Debentures due 2027
                          8) 2.450% Notes due 2029
                          9) 1.700% Notes due 2030
                          10) 3.375% Notes due 2046
                          11) 3.125% Notes due 2049
                          12) 2.650% Notes due 2050
                          13) Other Obligations
                          The Company undertakes to furnish copies of the agreements governing these debt instruments to the Securities and Exchange
                          Commission upon its request.
                4.2       The Company’s Description of Common Stock and Class B Common Stock registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act.*
              10.1(a)     Kit Kat® and Rolo® License Agreement (the “License Agreement”) between the Company and Rowntree Mackintosh
                          Confectionery Limited is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(a) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
                          fiscal year ended December 31, 1980.#




         Table of Contents                               The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 99




126 sur 132                                                                                                                                     4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                          https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




              10.1(b)    Amendment to the License Agreement is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 19 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form
                         10-Q for the quarter ended July 3, 1988.#
              10.1(c)    Assignment of the License Agreement by Rowntree Mackintosh Confectionery Limited to Société des Produits Nestlé SA as of
                         January 1, 1990 is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 19 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
                         ended December 31, 1990.#
               10.2      Peter Paul/York Domestic Trademark & Technology License Agreement between the Company and Cadbury Schweppes Inc.
                         (now Kraft Foods Ireland Intellectual Property Limited) dated August 25, 1988, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2(a) to
                         the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 8, 1988.#
               10.3      Cadbury Trademark & Technology License Agreement between the Company and Cadbury Limited (now Cadbury UK Limited)
                         dated August 25, 1988, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2(a) to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated
                         September 8, 1988.#
              10.4(a)    Trademark and Technology License Agreement between Huhtamäki (now Iconic IP Interests, LLC) and the Company dated
                         December 30, 1996, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
                         February 26, 1997.
              10.4(b)    Amended and Restated Trademark and Technology License Agreement between Huhtamäki (now Iconic IP Interests, LLC) and
                         the Company is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
                         ended December 31, 1999.
               10.5      Five Year Credit Agreement dated as of July 2, 2019, among the Company and the banks, financial institutions and other
                         institutional lenders listed on the respective signature pages thereof (“Lenders”), Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent
                         for the Lenders, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Citibank, N.A. and PNC Bank, National Association, as syndication agents, Royal
                         Bank of Canada, as documentation agent, and BofA Securities, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Citibank, N.A., PNC Capital
                         Markets LLC and RBC Capital Markets, as joint lead arrangers and joint book managers, is incorporated by reference from
                         Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 2, 2019.
               10.6      Stock Purchase Agreement, dated February 14, 2022, between Milton Hershey School Trust, by its trustee, Hershey Trust
                         Company, and The Hershey Company, is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form
                         8-K filed February 16, 2022.
               10.7      Amended and Restated Master Supply Agreement between the Company and Barry Callebaut, AG, dated August 31, 2021.†
               10.8      The Company’s Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan, amended and restated February 22, 2011, and approved by our
                         stockholders on April 28, 2011, is incorporated by reference from Appendix B to the Company’s proxy statement filed March 15,
                         2011.+
              10.9(a)    Form of Notice of Award of Restricted Stock Units (February 22, 2017 - February 25, 2019 version) is incorporated by reference
                         from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 2, 2017.+
              10.9(b)    Form of Notice of Award of Restricted Stock Units (February 26, 2019 - February 22, 2021 version) is incorporated by reference
                         from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019.+
              10.9(c)    Form of Notice of Award of Restricted Stock Units (effective February 23, 2021) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to
                         the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 4, 2021.+
              10.9(d)    Form of Notice of Award of Restricted Stock Units (3-year vest, effective February 23, 2021) is incorporated by reference from
                         Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 4, 2021.+
              10.10(a)   Form of Notice of Special Award of Restricted Stock Units (pro-rata vest, February 22, 2017 - February 25, 2019 version) is
                         incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2(a) to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 2,
                         2017.+
              10.10(b)   Form of Notice of Special Award of Restricted Stock Units (pro-rata vest, February 26, 2019 - February 22, 2021 version) is
                         incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31,
                         2019.+
              10.10(c)   Form of Notice of Special Award of Restricted Stock Units (pro-rata vest, effective February 23, 2021) is incorporated by
                         reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 4, 2021.+
              10.10(d)   Form of Notice of Special Award of Restricted Stock Units (3-year cliff vest, February 22, 2017 - February 25, 2019 version) is
                         incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2(b) to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 2,
                         2017.+
              10.10(f)   Form of Notice of Special Award of Restricted Stock Units (3-year cliff vest, effective February 26, 2019) is incorporated by
                         reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019.+




         Table of Contents                              The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 100




127 sur 132                                                                                                                                         4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




128 sur 132                                                     4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                        https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




              10.11(a)   Terms and Conditions of Nonqualified Stock Option Awards under the Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (pre-February 15,
                         2016 version) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 24,
                         2012.+
              10.11(b)   Terms and Conditions of Nonqualified Stock Option Awards under the Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (February 15,
                         2016 - February 21, 2017 version) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.12(b) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form
                         10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016.+
              10.11(c)   Terms and Conditions of Nonqualified Stock Option Awards under the Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (February 22,
                         2017 - February 25, 2019 version) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form
                         10-Q for the quarter ended April 2, 2017.+
              10.11(d)   Terms and Conditions of Nonqualified Stock Option Awards under the Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (February 26,
                         2019 - February 22, 2021 version) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form
                         10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019.+
              10.11(e)   Terms and Conditions of Nonqualified Stock Option Awards under the Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (effective
                         February 23, 2021) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
                         quarter ended April 4, 2021.+
              10.12(a)   Form of Notice of Award of Performance Stock Units (February 22, 2017 - February 25, 2019 version) is incorporated by
                         reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 2, 2017.+
              10.12(b)   Form of Notice of Award of Performance Stock Units (February 26, 2019 - February 22, 2021 version) is incorporated by
                         reference from Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019.+
              10.12(c)   Form of Notice of Award of Performance Stock Units (effective February 23, 2021) is incorporated by reference from Exhibit
                         10.5 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 4, 2021.+
              10.13(a)   Form of Notice of Special Award of Performance Stock Units (February 22, 2017 - February 22, 2021 version) is incorporated by
                         reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 5, 2017.+
              10.13(b)   Form of Notice of Special Award of Performance Stock Units (effective February 23, 2021) is incorporated by reference from
                         Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 4, 2021.+
               10.14     The Long-Term Incentive Program Participation Agreement is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s
                         Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 18, 2005.+
               10.15     The Company’s Deferred Compensation Plan, Amended and Restated as of June 27, 2012, is incorporated by reference from
                         Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 1, 2012.+
              10.16(a)   The Company’s Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, Amended and Restated as of October 2, 2007, is incorporated by
                         reference from Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007.+
              10.16(b)   First Amendment to the Company’s Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, Amended and Restated as of October 2, 2007, is
                         incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
                         31, 2008.+
               10.17     The Company’s Compensation Limit Replacement Plan, Amended and Restated as of January 1, 2009, is incorporated by
                         reference from Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008.+
               10.18     The Company’s Executive Benefits Protection Plan (Group 3A), Amended and Restated as of June 27, 2012, is incorporated by
                         reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 1, 2012.+
               10.19     The Company’ s Executive Benefits Protection Plan (Group 3), Amended and Restated as of June 27, 2012, is incorporated by
                         reference from Exhibit 10.18 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.+
              10.20(a)   Employee Confidentiality and Restrictive Covenant Agreement, amended as of February 18, 2013, is incorporated by reference
                         from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013.+
              10.20(b)   Employee Confidentiality and Restrictive Covenant Agreement, amended as of October 10, 2016, is incorporated by reference
                         from Exhibit 10.21(b) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016.+
              10.20(c)   Employee Confidentiality and Restrictive Covenant Agreement, amended as of September 8, 2021, is incorporated by reference
                         from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 4, 2021.+




         Table of Contents                             The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 101




129 sur 132                                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                           https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




               10.21      Executive Employment Agreement, effective as of March 1, 2017, by and between the Company and Michele G. Buck is
                          incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed February 24, 2017.+
               10.22      The Company’s Directors’ Compensation Plan, Amended and Restated as of December 2, 2008, is incorporated by reference from
                          Exhibit 10.8 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008.+
               21.1       Subsidiaries of the Registrant.*
               23.1       Consent of Ernst & Young LLP.*
               31.1       Certification of Michele G. Buck, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*
               31.2       Certification of Steven E. Voskuil, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*
               32.1       Certification of Michele G. Buck, Chief Executive Officer, and Steven E. Voskuil, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section
                          906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.**
              101.INS     XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are
                          embedded within the Inline XBRL document.
              101.SCH     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema
              101.CAL     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
              101.LAB     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase
              101.PRE     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
              101.DEF     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
                104       The cover page from the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in
                          Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101.


                  *       Filed herewith
                 **       Furnished herewith
                 +        Management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement
                  †       Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K
                  #       Pursuant to Instruction 1 to Regulation S-T Rule 105(d), no hyperlink is required for any exhibit incorporated by reference that
                          has not been filed with the SEC in electronic format




          Item 16.      FORM 10-K SUMMARY
         None.




         Table of Contents                               The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 102




130 sur 132                                                                                                                                          4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                      https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




                                                                      SIGNATURES
         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this
         report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, this 17th day of February, 2023.
                                                                                                         THE HERSHEY COMPANY
                                                                                                               (Registrant)
                                                                       By:                                 /s/ STEVEN E. VOSKUIL
                                                                                                                  Steven E. Voskuil
                                                                                                    Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer




         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on
         behalf of the Company and in the capacities and on the date indicated.
                         Signature                                                  Title                                                   Date
                  /s/ MICHELE G. BUCK              Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer                      February 17, 2023
                       Michele G. Buck             (Principal Executive Officer)
                 /s/ STEVEN E. VOSKUIL             Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer                                    February 17, 2023
                      Steven E. Voskuil            (Principal Financial Officer)
               /s/ JENNIFER L. MCCALMAN            Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer                                          February 17, 2023
                    Jennifer L. McCalman           (Principal Accounting Officer)
                 /s/ ANTHONY J. PALMER             Lead Independent Director                                                         February 17, 2023
                      Anthony J. Palmer
                  /s/ PAMELA M. ARWAY              Director                                                                          February 17, 2023
                      Pamela M. Arway
                   /s/ JAMES W. BROWN              Director                                                                          February 17, 2023
                       James W. Brown
                /s/ VICTOR L. CRAWFORD             Director                                                                          February 17, 2023
                     Victor L. Crawford
               /s/ ROBERT M. DUTKOWSKY             Director                                                                          February 17, 2023
                    Robert M. Dutkowsky
                  /s/ MARY KAY HABEN               Director                                                                          February 17, 2023
                      Mary Kay Haben
                 /s/ JAMES C. KATZMAN              Director                                                                          February 17, 2023
                      James C. Katzman
                   /s/ M. DIANE KOKEN              Director                                                                          February 17, 2023
                       M. Diane Koken
                /s/ ROBERT M. MALCOLM              Director                                                                          February 17, 2023
                     Robert M. Malcolm
                    /s/ JUAN R. PEREZ              Director                                                                          February 17, 2023
                        Juan R. Perez
                /s/ WENDY L. SCHOPPERT             Director                                                                          February 17, 2023
                     Wendy L. Schoppert




         Table of Contents                          The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 103




131 sur 132                                                                                                                                          4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
hsy-20221231                                                                           https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/47111/000004711123000012/...




                                                 THE HERSHEY COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                             SCHEDULE II—VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                                                For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020

                                                                                                     Additions
                                                                         Balance at        Charged to        Charged to       Deductions       Balance
                                                                        Beginning of        Costs and          Other             from          at End
              Description                                                 Period            Expenses          Accounts         Reserves       of Period
          In thousands of dollars

          For the year ended December 31, 2022
          Allowances deducted from assets
           Accounts receivable—trade, net (a)                       $        28,837    $      228,463     $           —   $     (231,299) $      26,001
           Valuation allowance on net deferred taxes (b)                    184,896             9,578                 —          (56,943)       137,531
           Inventory obsolescence reserve (c)                                19,472            44,497                 —          (34,615)        29,354
          Total allowances deducted from assets                     $       233,205    $      282,538     $           —   $     (322,857) $     192,886

          For the year ended December 31, 2021
          Allowances deducted from assets
           Accounts receivable—trade, net (a)                       $        24,975    $      198,608     $           —   $     (194,746) $      28,837
           Valuation allowance on net deferred taxes (b)                    193,310             9,759                 —          (18,173)       184,896
           Inventory obsolescence reserve (c)                                17,703            27,657                 —          (25,888)        19,472
          Total allowances deducted from assets                     $       235,988    $      236,024     $           —   $     (238,807) $     233,205

          For the year ended December 31, 2020
          Allowances deducted from assets
           Accounts receivable—trade, net (a)                       $        24,966    $      180,764     $           —   $     (180,755) $      24,975
           Valuation allowance on net deferred taxes (b)                    206,743             2,603                 —          (16,036)       193,310
           Inventory obsolescence reserve (c)                                22,049            27,162                 —          (31,508)        17,703
          Total allowances deducted from assets                     $       253,758    $      210,529     $           —   $     (228,299) $     235,988



               (a) Includes allowances for doubtful accounts, anticipated discounts and write-offs of uncollectible accounts receivable.
               (b) Includes adjustments to the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets that we do not expect to realize, as well as the release of
               valuation allowances.
               (c) Includes adjustments to the inventory reserve, transfers, disposals and write-offs of obsolete inventory.




         Table of Contents                               The Hershey Company | 2022 Form 10-K | Page 104




132 sur 132                                                                                                                                     4/29/2023, 4:31 PM
k-20221231                                                                                   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




                             UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                                                                      Washington, D.C. 20549

                                                                             FORM 10-K
            ☑        ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
                     EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                                                          For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022
            ☐        TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
                     1934
                                                For The Transition Period From                                To
                                                                    Commission file number 1-4171

                                                            Kellogg Company
                                                               (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                                           Delaware                                                                       38-0710690
                            (State or other jurisdiction of Incorporation                                       (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
                                          or organization)


                                                                          One Kellogg Square
                                                                  Battle Creek, Michigan 49016-3599

                                                                (Address of Principal Executive Offices)

                                                         Registrant’s telephone number: (269) 961-2000

            Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Act:
                      Title of each class:                                  Trading symbol(s):              Name of each exchange on which registered:
             Common Stock, $.25 par value per share                                 K                              New York Stock Exchange
                1.000% Senior Notes due 2024                                      K 24                             New York Stock Exchange
                1.250% Senior Notes due 2025                                      K 25                             New York Stock Exchange
                0.500% Senior Notes due 2029                                      K 29                             New York Stock Exchange


                                         Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Securities Act: None

                   Indicate by a check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes ☑     No ☐

             Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15 (d) of the Act.   Yes ☐     No ☑

              Note — Checking the box above will not relieve any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act from
            their obligations under those Sections.

              Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
            1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
            such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☑ No ☐

               Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
            405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such
            files). Yes ☑ No ☐




1 sur 189                                                                                                                                                     4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




2 sur 189                                                    4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                                   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




              Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company,
            or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging
            growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

            Large accelerated filer    ☑                                                      Accelerated filer               ☐
            Non-accelerated filer      ☐                                                      Smaller reporting company       ☐
                                                                                              Emerging growth company         ☐

              If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with
            any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

              If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included
            in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐

            Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
            received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐

             Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).      Yes ☐    No ☑

              Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its
            internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm
            that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes ☑ No ☐

              The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant (assuming for purposes of this computation only that the
            W. K. Kellogg Foundation Trust, directors and executive officers may be affiliates) as of the close of business on July 1, 2022 was approximately
            $20.1 billion based on the closing price of $71.78 for one share of common stock, as reported for the New York Stock Exchange on that date.

             As of January 28, 2023, 341,830,292 shares of the common stock of the registrant were issued and outstanding.

             Parts of the registrant’s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareowners to be held on April 28, 2023 are incorporated by reference into
            Part III of this Report.




3 sur 189                                                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                  https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




            PART I
            ITEM 1. BUSINESS

            The Company. Kellogg Company, founded in 1906 and incorporated in Delaware in 1922, and its subsidiaries are
            engaged in the manufacture and marketing of snacks and convenience foods.

            The address of the principal business office of Kellogg Company is One Kellogg Square, P.O. Box 3599, Battle Creek,
            Michigan 49016-3599. Unless otherwise specified or indicated by the context, “Kellogg,” the "Company," “we,” “us” and
            “our” refer to Kellogg Company, its divisions and subsidiaries.

            On June 21, 2022, the Company announced a plan to separate its North American cereal business. See the discussion
            in Item 1A. Risk Factors, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
            Operations, and in Note 2 within Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, which are located herein under Part
            II, Item 8.

            Financial Information About Segments. Information on segments is located in Note 17 within Notes to the Consolidated
            Financial Statements.

            Principal Products. Our principal products are snacks, such as crackers, savory snacks, toaster pastries, cereal bars,
            granola bars and bites; and convenience foods, such as, ready-to-eat cereals, frozen waffles, veggie foods and
            noodles. These products were, as of February 21, 2023, manufactured by us in 21 countries and marketed in more
            than 180 countries. They are sold to retailers through direct sales forces for resale to consumers. We use broker and
            distributor arrangements for certain products and channels, as well as in certain geographies.

            Our snacks brands are marketed under brands such as Kellogg’s, Cheez-It, Pringles, Austin, Parati, and RXBAR.
            Our cereals and cereal bars are generally marketed under the Kellogg’s name, with some under the Kashi and Bear
            Naked brands. Our frozen foods are marketed under the Eggo and Morningstar Farms brands.

            We also market crackers, crisps, and other convenience foods, under brands such as Kellogg’s, Cheez-It, Pringles,
            and Austin, to supermarkets in the United States through a variety of distribution methods.

            Additional information pertaining to the relative sales of our products for the years 2020 through 2022 is located in Note
            17 within Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, which are included herein under Part II, Item 8.

            Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Leadership. Kellogg Company’s vision is a good and just world where
            people are not just fed, but fulfilled. Our purpose is creating better days, and a place at the table for everyone, through
            our trusted food brands. Our vision and purpose are brought to life through Kellogg’s® Better Days Promise™, our
            promise to advance sustainable and equitable access to food by addressing the intersection of wellbeing, hunger,
            sustainability, and equity, diversity and inclusion (ED&I) for 3 billion people by the end of 2030.
            This work is not new - we’ve been making progress on these topics for many decades and have been reporting our
            results annually through our ESG report (formerly Corporate Responsibility Report) and other disclosures since 2009.
            The information contained in our ESG report is not incorporated by reference herein or otherwise made a part of this
            Annual Report on Form 10-K or any of our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We also report
            against the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (“SASB”), Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures
            (“TCFD”) and Global Reporting Initiative ("GRI") reporting frameworks, as well as many other industry disclosures like
            CDP and the Dow Jones Sustainability Index. In 2022, Kellogg’s sustainability performance is within the top 15% of our
            industry according to the 2022 S&P Global ESG Yearbook, making Kellogg among the world’s highest performing
            companies.

            Our ESG Commitments. Kellogg’s global ESG strategy, Kellogg’s® Better Days Promise™, is our promise to create 3
            billion better days by the end of 2030 (from a 2015 baseline).
            Specifically, we are committed to:




4 sur 189                                                                                                                     4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


             •   Nourishing 1 billion people with our foods by the end of 2030.
             •   Feeding 375 million people in need by the end of 2030.
             •   Nurturing people and planet, including support for 1 million farmers and workers, including women and
                 smallholders, by the end of 2030.
             •   Ensuring nondiscrimination and ED&I for all employees. This includes our aspirational goals of gender 50/50
                 parity on a global basis and 25% underrepresented talent at the management level by the end of 2025 in the
                 U.S.
             •   Engaging 1.5 billion people in advocating for sustainable and equitable access to food by the end of 2030.



                                                                   3




5 sur 189                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                  https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




            Climate-Related Disclosure. Climate change and food security are considerations for Kellogg to ensure the long-term
            health and viability of the ingredients we use in our products. As a plant-based food company, the success of Kellogg
            Company is dependent on having timely access to high quality, low cost ingredients, water and energy for
            manufacturing globally. Risks are identified annually through annual reporting and evaluated in the short (<3 years),
            medium (3 - 6 years) and long terms (>6 years). These natural capital dependencies are at risk of shortage, price
            volatility, regulation, and quality impacts due to climate change which is assessed as part of Kellogg’s overall enterprise
            risk management approach. Specific risks including water stress and social accountability are specifically identified and
            assessed on a regular basis, especially in emerging market expansion that fuels company growth.

            Due to these risks, Kellogg has implemented short and long-term initiatives to mitigate and adapt to these
            environmental pressures, as well as the resulting challenge of food security. While these risks are not currently
            impacting business growth, they must be monitored, evaluated, and mitigated. The Company has incorporated the risks
            and opportunities of climate change and food security as part of the Deploy For Growth Strategy and Kellogg’s® Better
            Days Promise™ by continuing to identify risk, incorporate sustainability indicators into strategic priorities, and report
            regularly to leadership, the Board, and publicly. Kellogg has been recognized as a 2021 CDP Supplier Engagement
            Leader, representing the top 7% of companies who disclosed to the full climate questionnaire.

            Oversight. Kellogg Company’s Board of Directors, including its Social Responsibility and Public Policy Committee,
            oversees our ESG strategy. Our Senior Vice President Chief Global Corporate Affairs Officer, Senior Vice President
            Global Supply Chain, Senior Vice President Chief Global Human Resources Officer, Senior Vice President Research
            and Development and other executives who report to the Chairman and CEO, are responsible for successfully
            implementing the strategy and regularly updating the CEO and Board Committee. Our Chief Sustainability Officer
            (CSO) reports to the Senior Vice President Chief Global Corporate Affairs Officer. Additionally, numerous leaders are
            accountable for achieving specific ESG commitments, based on their roles.

            In addition, Kellogg has a Global ESG Council and regional ESG Councils. The Councils ensure execution on priority
            strategies to maximize ESG performance, share best practices to ensure we are progressing against our commitments.

            Raw Materials. Agricultural commodities, including corn, wheat, rice, potato flakes, vegetable oils, sugar and cocoa, are
            the principal raw materials used in our products. Cartonboard, corrugate, and flexible packaging are the principal
            packaging materials used by us. We continually monitor world supplies and prices of such commodities (which include
            such packaging materials), as well as government trade policies. The cost of such commodities may fluctuate widely
            due to government policy and regulation, changing weather patterns and conditions, climate change, and other supply
            and/or demand impacting events such as a pandemic (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), geopolitical events, or other
            unforeseen circumstances. Continuous efforts are made to maintain and improve the quality and supply of such
            commodities for purposes of our short-term and long-term requirements.

            The principal ingredients in the products produced by us in the United States include corn and corn grits, wheat and
            wheat-based ingredients, potato flakes, oats, rice, cocoa and chocolate, soybeans and soybean derivatives, various
            fruits, sugars and sweeteners, vegetable oils, dairy products, eggs, and other ingredients, which are obtained from
            various sources. While most of these ingredients are purchased from sources in the United States, some materials are
            imported due to regional availability and specification requirements.

            We enter into long-term contracts for the materials described in this section and purchase these items on the open
            market, depending on our view of possible price fluctuations, supply levels, and our relative negotiating power. Despite
            our ability to source materials necessary to meet increased demand for our products, certain ingredients, packaging
            and other goods and services have been adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Although we are unable to
            predict the impact to our ability to source these materials and services in the future, we expect supply pressures, supply
            chain and logistics delays, and other disruptions to continue into 2023. As further discussed herein under Part II,
            Item 7A, we also use commodity futures and options to hedge some of our costs.

            Raw materials and packaging needed for internationally based operations are available in adequate supply and are
            sourced both locally and imported from countries other than those where used in manufacturing.

            Natural gas and propane are the primary sources of energy used to power processing equipment at major domestic



6 sur 189                                                                                                                     4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                    https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


            and international facilities, although certain locations may use electricity, oil, propane or solar cells as needed. In
            addition, considerable amounts of diesel fuel are used in connection with the distribution of our products.

            Trademarks. Generally, our products are marketed under trademarks we own. Our principal trademarks are our
            housemarks, brand names, slogans, and designs related to cereals, snacks and various other foods manufactured and
            marketed by us. We also grant licenses to third parties to use these marks on various goods. These trademarks



                                                                          4




7 sur 189                                                                                                                        4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                  https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




            include Kellogg’s for cereals, convenience foods and other products, and the brand names of certain ready-to-eat
            cereals, including All-Bran, Apple Jacks, Cocoa Krispies, Kellogg’s Corn Flakes, Corn Pops, Cracklin’ Oat Bran,
            Crispix, Eggo, Froot Loops, Kellogg’s Frosted Flakes, Krave, Frosted Krispies, Frosted Mini-Wheats, Mueslix,
            Kellogg's Raisin Bran, Raisin Bran Crunch, Rice Krispies, Smacks/Honey Smacks, Special K, Special K Red
            Berries, and Smart Start in the United States and elsewhere; Sucrilhos, Zucaritas, Kellogg's Extra, Müsli, and
            Choco Krispis for cereals in Latin America; Vector and Two Scoops in Canada; Coco Pops, Choco Krispies,
            Frosties, Fruit ‘n Fibre, Kellogg’s Crunchy Nut, Krave, Kellogg’s Extra, Country Store, Smacks, Pops, Honey
            Bsss, Zimmy's, W.K. Kellogg, Toppas, and Tresor for cereals in Europe; and Froot Ring, Chocos, Chex, Guardian,
            Just Right, Be Natural, Sultana Bran, Frosties, Rice Bubbles, Nutri-Grain, and Sustain for cereals in Asia and
            Australia. Additional trademarks are the names of certain combinations of ready-to-eat Kellogg’s cereals, including
            Fun Pak and Variety.

            Other brand names include Kellogg’s Corn Flake Crumbs; Choco Krispis, Crunchy Nut, Kashi, Nutri-Grain,
            Special K, Squares, Zucaritas, Rice Krispies Treats, and Sucrilhos for cereal bars; Pop-Tarts for toaster pastries;
            Eggo and Kashi for frozen breakfast foods; MorningStar Farms for breakfast sandwiches; Special K protein shakes;
            Nutri-Grain cereal bars for convenience foods in the United States and elsewhere; K-Time, Sunibrite, Split Stix and
            LCMs for convenience foods in Australia; Nutri-Grain, Coco Pops, Crunchy Nut, Krave, Frosties, and Rice Krispies
            Squares for convenience foods in Europe; Kashi and Kashi Go for cereals and waffles; Special K for meal bars; Bear
            Naked for granola cereal, oatmeal and snack bites; Pringles for crisps; and Morningstar Farms, Incogmeato,
            Veggitizers, and Gardenburger for certain meat alternatives.

            We also market convenience foods under trademarks and tradenames which include Austin, Bisco, Cheez-It, Club,
            Luxe, Minueto, Parati, RXBAR, Special K, Toasteds, Town House, Zesta, and Zoo Cartoon and beverages under
            the Trink trademark. One of our subsidiaries is also the exclusive licensee of the Carr’s cracker line in the United
            States.

            Our trademarks also include logos and depictions of certain animated characters in conjunction with our products,
            including the characters Snap, Crackle and Pop for use in connection with Cocoa Krispies and Rice Krispies
            cereals and Rice Krispies Treats convenience foods; Tony the Tiger for Kellogg’s Frosted Flakes, Zucaritas,
            Sucrilhos and Frosties cereals and convenience foods; Toucan Sam for Froot Loops and Froot Rings cereal; Dig
            ‘Em for Smacks/Honey Smacks cereal; Zimmy and Zimmy's cereal; Sunny for Kellogg’s Raisin Bran, Two
            Scoops and Raisin Bran Crunch cereals; Coco the Monkey for Coco Pops, Choco Krispies and Chocos cereal;
            Cornelius (aka Cornelio) for Kellogg’s Corn Flakes; Melvin the Elephant for certain cereal, dairy beverages and
            convenience foods; Chocovore, Poperto, Cerealdo, and Sammy the Seal (aka Smaxey the Seal) for certain cereal
            products; and Mr. P or Julius Pringles for Pringles crisps.

            The slogans The Original & Best, They’re Gr-r-reat! and Follow Your Nose, are trademarks used in connection with
            our ready-to-eat cereals, along with L’ Eggo my Eggo and L’Eggo with Eggo, used in connection with our frozen
            waffles, pancakes and French toast sticks, and Snack Stacks used in connection with potato crisps and crackers are
            also important Kellogg trademarks.

            The trademarks listed above, among others, individually and when taken as a whole, are important to our business.
            Certain individual trademarks are also important to our business. Depending on the jurisdiction, trademarks are
            generally valid as long as they are in use and/or their registrations are properly maintained and they have not been
            found to have become generic. Registrations of trademarks can also generally be renewed indefinitely as long as the
            trademarks are in use.

            Seasonality. Demand for our products is generally level throughout the year, although some of our convenience foods
            have a bias for stronger demand in the second half of the year due to events and holidays.

            Working Capital. A description of our working capital is included in the Liquidity section of MD&A within Item 7 of this
            Report.



8 sur 189                                                                                                                     4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


            Customers. Our largest customer, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and its affiliates, accounted for approximately 18% of
            consolidated net sales during 2022, comprised principally of sales within the United States. No other customer
            accounted for greater than 10% of net sales in 2022. During 2022, our top five customers, collectively, including Wal-
            Mart, accounted for approximately 32% of our consolidated net sales and approximately 53% of U.S. net sales. There
            has been significant worldwide consolidation in the grocery industry and we believe that this trend is likely to continue.
            Although the loss of any large customer for an extended length of time could negatively impact our sales and profits,
            we do not anticipate that this will occur to a significant extent due to the consumer demand for our



                                                                         5




9 sur 189                                                                                                                     4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         products and our relationships with our customers. Our products have been generally sold through our own sales
         forces and through broker and distributor arrangements, and have been generally resold to consumers in retail stores,
         restaurants, and other food service establishments.

         Backlog. For the most part, orders are filled within a few days of receipt and are subject to cancellation at any time prior
         to shipment. The backlog of any unfilled orders at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 was not material to us.

         Competition. We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, intense competition for sales of all of our
         principal products in our major product categories, both domestically and internationally. Our products compete with
         advertised and branded products of a similar nature as well as unadvertised and private label products, which are
         typically distributed at lower prices, and generally with other food products. Principal methods and factors of
         competition include new product introductions, product quality, taste, convenience, nutritional value, price, advertising
         and promotion.

         Research and Development. Research to support and expand the use of our existing products and to develop new
         food products is carried on at the W. K. Kellogg Institute for Food and Nutrition Research in Battle Creek, Michigan, and
         at other locations around the world. Our expenditures for research and development were approximately (in millions):
         2022-$127; 2021-$134; 2020-$135. Information concerning our research and development expense is located in Note
         1 within Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

         Regulation. Our activities in the United States are subject to regulation by various government agencies, including the
         Food and Drug Administration, Federal Trade Commission and the Departments of Agriculture, Commerce and Labor,
         as well as voluntary regulation by other bodies. Various state and local agencies also regulate our activities. Other
         agencies and bodies outside of the United States, including those of the European Union and various countries, states
         and municipalities, also regulate our activities.

         Environmental Matters. Our facilities are subject to various U.S. and foreign, federal, state, and local laws and
         regulations regarding the release of material into the environment and the protection of the environment in other ways.
         We are not a party to any material proceedings arising under these regulations. We believe that compliance with
         existing environmental laws and regulations will not materially affect our consolidated financial condition or our
         competitive position.

         Human Capital Resources. On December 31, 2022, we had approximately 30,000 employees. The majority of our
         employees work on a full-time basis. We are also party to numerous collective bargaining agreements. Our human
         capital objectives include attracting, developing, engaging, rewarding and retaining our employees.

         Equity, Diversity and Inclusion: In 2005, Kellogg established an Office of Diversity & Inclusion. Since this time, our
         Company has enhanced our strategy to lead with Equity and be known as the Office of Equity, Diversity and Inclusion.
         This office has been focused on recruiting and retaining employees, creating awareness of diversity issues, fostering a
         supportive, positive environment where inclusive behaviors are the norm, and embedding accountability for diversity
         throughout the organization. Our goal is to reflect the diversity of our consumers throughout our Company. We report to
         our Board of Directors on a periodic basis about the actions we have taken to make progress on our ED&I journey, and
         we are firmly committed to continuing to advance our ED&I priorities. Our focus on equity, diversity and inclusion
         enables us to build a culture where employees are inspired to share their passion, talents and ideas. Our eight
         Business Employee Resource Groups, which include KVets and Supporters, Kellogg Multinational Employee Resource
         Group, Kellogg’s Young Professionals, Kellogg African American Resource Group, Women of Kellogg, Hola (our Latino
         resource group), KPride & Allies (our LBGTQ+ resource group), and Kapable (our resource group for people with
         disabilities and their supporters), also play a critical role in attracting diverse talent, providing mentoring and career
         development opportunities, delivering commercial business insights and connecting people to the Company and the
         communities where we do business.
         Through many initiatives, supported by our Business Employee Resource Groups and ED&I Champions, several
         leading organizations recognized Kellogg for our commitment to building and supporting equity, diversity and inclusion
         in our workplace, marketplace and the communities where we work and live. These include Diversity Inc., Social
         Corporate Equity Index, Diversity Best Practice Index and Human Rights Campaign (HRC) Best Places to Work for
         LGBTQ Equality, to name a few.



10 sur 189                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...



             Training and Development: We invest in ongoing leadership development through programs such as our Step UP
             program for future managers, our Accelerate program for experienced managers and our executive leadership training
             program for developing our future leaders.

             Employee Engagement: We communicate frequently and transparently with our employees through a variety of
             engagement vehicles, from externally managed global opinion surveys to weekly check-ins via our internal global



                                                                       6




11 sur 189                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         recognition platform. We also provide a wide array of opportunities for volunteerism through Kellogg’s “Better Days”
         commitment, and provide matching donations for employees’ service to charities of their choosing in many regions.
         Total Rewards: We provide a market-based competitive compensation through our salary, annual incentive and long-
         term incentive programs, and a benefits package that promotes employee well-being across all aspects of their lives,
         including physical, financial, social and emotional wellbeing. We sponsor a number of benefit plans for eligible
         employees in the United States and various foreign locations, including defined benefit pension plans, defined
         contributions retirement plans, retiree health and welfare, active health care, severance and other postemployment
         benefits. We continually review and implement new programs around the world to meet the evolving needs of our
         employees, including, but not limited to benefit programs for same sex partners and progressive leave benefits (e.g.,
         paternity/maternity and active Military). We are also offering flexible work arrangements across our global population.

         Health and Wellness: We aim to create a culture where all colleagues feel supported and valued in line with our
         corporate mission. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has led to unique challenges and we are striving to ensure the
         health, safety, and general well-being of our colleagues. We continue to evolve our programs to meet our colleagues’
         health and wellness needs, which we believe is essential to attract and retain employees of the highest caliber, and we
         offer a competitive benefits package focused on fostering work/life integration. Our global employee wellbeing
         framework, "My Total Health," addresses physical, financial, social and emotional wellbeing to support our employees'
         personal goals. On an ongoing basis, we focus on each aspect of wellbeing and provide useful information, education,
         tools and resources. In North America, our “Find your Wings” employee assistance program provides access to
         valuable Mental Health resources. In addition, our “Lean on Me” program trains employees on how to identify other
         employees that may be struggling with mental health challenges and pointing them towards our available resources.
         We also provide company paid access to gyms and mindfulness resources in many parts of the world. Most of our
         locations now use the My Total Health framework to guide how they communicate and engage with employees in
         support of their wellbeing.

         Company Ethics: The Company has processes in place for compliance with the Code of Conduct for Kellogg Company
         Board of Directors and Global Code of Ethics for Kellogg Company employees, each including a requirement for
         annual certification that provides employees an opportunity to disclose actual or potential conflicts of interest, report
         actual or potential violations of the law, the Code or policy and acknowledge their obligation to comply with the
         applicable code. The Company regularly re-enforces our commitment to ethics and integrity in employee
         communications, in our everyday actions and through our processes. In addition, the Company provides targeted
         training across the globe during the course of the year. The Company also maintains an ethics related hotline,
         managed by a third party, through which individuals can anonymously raise concerns or ask questions about business
         behavior.

         Financial Information About Geographic Areas. Information on geographic areas is located in Note 17 within Notes to
         the Consolidated Financial Statements, which are included herein under Part II, Item 8.

         Executive Officers. The names, ages, and positions of our executive officers (as of February 21, 2023) are listed below,
         together with their business experience. Executive officers are elected annually by the Board of Directors.



                                                                     7




12 sur 189                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




             Nicolas Amaya                                                                                                     49
         Senior Vice President, Kellogg Company
         President, Kellogg Latin America

         Mr. Amaya assumed his current position in November 2019. Mr. Amaya joined Kellogg Company in 2001 as a
         Marketing Intern for Eggo in the United States. Since then, he has held a variety of leadership positions in the U.S. and
         Latin America across the cereal, frozen and snacks businesses. Among his many contributions, Mr. Amaya led the
         complex and challenging regional integration of Pringles in 2012. In April 2013, he was appointed General Manager,
         Snacks and Growth Platforms for Latin America, and in 2015, he stepped up to the role of Vice President and General
         Manager, Category Marketing and Innovation, Latin America. He was promoted to Vice President and General
         Manager for Mexico in October 2016. Prior to Kellogg, Mr. Amaya held various marketing roles at Unilever Andina in
         the personal care division.


             Amit Banati                                                                                                       54
         Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer

         Mr. Banati has been Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Financial Officer, Kellogg Company
         since July 2019 and Vice Chairman since January 2023. Mr. Banati joined Kellogg in March 2012 as President, Asia
         Pacific, and his responsibilities were expanded to President, Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa in July 2018. Before
         joining Kellogg Company, Mr. Banati served in a variety of finance, general management and board roles at Kraft
         Foods, Cadbury Schweppes and Procter & Gamble. He has worked extensively across the Asia Pacific and Africa
         region. At Kraft Foods he was President, North Asia and Asia Pacific Strategy. Prior to that, Mr. Banati served as
         President, Pacific, for Cadbury Schweppes and Chairman of Cadbury Schweppes Australia. He was a member of the
         company’s Chief Executive Committee. He also served as the Chief Financial Officer for Cadbury Schweppes Asia
         Pacific. Mr. Banati is a director of Fortune Brands Home Innovations.


             Steven A. Cahillane                                                                                               57
         Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
         Mr. Cahillane has been Chairman of the Board of Kellogg Company since March 2018, and President and Chief
         Executive Officer since October 2017. He has also served as a Kellogg Director since October 2017. Prior to joining
         Kellogg, Mr. Cahillane served as Chief Executive Officer and President, and as a member of the board of directors, of
         Alphabet Holding Company, Inc., a holding company, and its wholly-owned operating subsidiary, The Nature’s Bounty
         Co., a health and wellness company, from September 2014. Prior to that, Mr. Cahillane served as Executive Vice
         President of The Coca-Cola Company, a beverage company, from February 2013 to February 2014 and President of
         Coca-Cola Americas, the global beverage maker’s largest business, with $25 billion in annual sales at that time, from
         January 2013 to February 2014. Mr. Cahillane served as President of various Coca-Cola operating groups from 2007 to
         2012. He has also been a trustee of the W. K. Kellogg Foundation Trust since 2018.



                                                                     8




13 sur 189                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




             Kurt D. Forche                                                                                                    53
         Vice President and Corporate Controller

         Mr. Forche was appointed Vice President and Corporate Controller, Kellogg Company, in July 2018. Previously, Mr.
         Forche served as Vice President, Assistant Corporate Controller since December 2016. Mr. Forche joined Kellogg as
         an internal auditor in 1997, subsequently holding a number of Finance roles in the North American business until being
         named Senior Director, Corporate Financial Reporting in April 2014. Prior to joining Kellogg in 1997, he spent four
         years at Price Waterhouse as an auditor.


             Christopher M. Hood                                                                                               60
         Senior Vice President, Kellogg Company
         President, Kellogg North America

         Mr. Hood assumed his current position in July 2018. He most recently served as President, Kellogg Europe from 2013
         to 2018. Mr. Hood joined Kellogg Company in 2012 as the Vice President of European Snacks. Prior to Kellogg, he
         served The Procter and Gamble Company in 1993, and had a distinguished 19-year career in Marketing and General
         Management, based in Cincinnati, Ohio. Mr. Hood has held a number of Board roles across the Food and Beverage
         Industry. He currently serves on the GMA Board of Directors and FMI Foundation Board of Trustees.


             Melissa A. Howell                                                                                                 56
         Senior Vice President, Global Human Services

         Ms. Howell assumed her current position in June 2016. Prior to joining Kellogg, she was Chief Human Resources
         Officer for Rockford, Michigan-based Wolverine since 2014. Prior to Wolverine, Ms. Howell spent 24 years with General
         Motors where she led a team of 2,800 Human Resource professionals worldwide, supporting a global business at one
         of the top automotive companies in the world, and also among the largest public corporations. Ms. Howell joined
         General Motors as a Labor Relations Representative at its Ypsilanti, Michigan, assembly plant in 1990. Over the
         following years, she served in a series of key human resources leadership roles in Europe, Asia and U.S. leading
         teams on six continents across an array of functional areas. Ms. Howell was promoted to Executive Director of North
         American Human Resources in 2011 and subsequently promoted to Senior Vice President of Global Human
         Resources.


             Shumit Kapoor                                                                                                     52
         Senior Vice President, Kellogg Company
         President, Kellogg Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa

         Mr. Kapoor assumed his current position in July 2020. Prior to joining Kellogg, he was Regional President, Pet
         Nutrition, Asia Pacific for Mars Inc. from January 2017 to June 2020. In this role, Mr. Kapoor had additional oversight of
         the confectionary and food business in Japan and New Zealand. Prior to that, he was Regional President, Asia Pacific,
         for Mars’ Royal Canin business from January 2015 to December 2016. Mr. Kapoor served in various leadership roles at
         Mars Inc., starting his career as General Manager, South East Asia and India Mars Multisales in July 2011. Prior to
         Mars Inc., Mr. Kapoor was with Nokia from 2005 to 2011 and Procter & Gamble from 1993 to 2005.


             Rodrigo Lance                                                                                                     48
         Senior Vice President, Global Supply Chain



14 sur 189                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Mr. Lance assumed his current position in March 2022. Prior to his current role, he was Senior Vice President, KNA
         Supply Chain from October 2019 to March 2022 and Vice President, Supply Chain Europe and Vice President, Supply
         Chain Latin America from May 2017 to October 2019. Prior to his Supply Chain roles, Mr. Lance served as Vice
         President, Snacks Engineering beginning in 2011. In 1997, Mr. Lance began his career at Kellogg and served in
         various roles including Production Supervisor at the Queretaro, Mexico, plant. He also served as the Plant Manager in
         Guatemala; Linares, Mexico, and Columbus, Georgia, U.S.



                                                                   9




15 sur 189                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




             David Lawlor                                                                                                          55
         Senior Vice President, Kellogg Company
         President, Kellogg Europe

         Mr. Lawlor assumed his current position in July 2018. He most recently served as Vice President, European Cereal
         from November 2017 to June 2018. Mr. Lawlor began his career at Kellogg in 1991, joining as a sales manager in its
         Dublin office. Following this, he held a number of senior roles, including running the company’s Middle Eastern
         business, setting up its Dubai office. Mr. Lawlor then served as General Manager of Kellogg Russia from October 2008
         to August 2016 and led the integration of United Bakers Group, a local biscuit and cracker manufacturer. In August
         2016, he was appointed Managing Director, UK/ROI where he refocused the company’s efforts to stabilize and grow its
         core cereal business.


             Gary H. Pilnick                                                                                                       58
         Vice Chairman and Chief Legal Officer

         Mr. Pilnick was appointed Vice Chairman, Corporate Development and Chief Legal Officer in January 2016. In August
         2003, he was appointed Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary and assumed responsibility for
         Corporate Development in June 2004. He joined Kellogg as Vice President — Deputy General Counsel and Assistant
         Secretary in September 2000 and served in that position until August 2003. Before joining Kellogg, he served as Vice
         President and Chief Counsel of Sara Lee Branded Apparel and as Vice President and Chief Counsel, Corporate
         Development and Finance at Sara Lee Corporation.


         Availability of Reports; Website Access; Other Information. Our internet address is http://www.kelloggcompany.com.
         The information contained on, or accessible through, our website is not part of or incorporated into this Annual Report
         on Form 10-K. All reports required to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission are available and can
         be accessed through the Investor Relations section of our website.

         Copies of our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Charters of the Audit, Compensation and Talent Management,
         and Nominating and Governance Committees of the Board of Directors, the Code of Conduct for Kellogg Company
         directors and Global Code of Ethics for Kellogg Company employees (including the chief executive officer, chief
         financial officer and corporate controller) can also be found on the Kellogg Company website. Any amendments or
         waivers to the Global Code of Ethics applicable to the chief executive officer, chief financial officer and corporate
         controller can also be found in the “Investor Relations” section of the Kellogg Company website. Shareowners may also
         request a free copy of these documents from: Kellogg Company, P.O. Box CAMB, Battle Creek, Michigan 49016-9935
         (phone: (800) 961-1413), Investor Relations Department at that same address (phone: (269) 961-2800) or
         investor.relations@kellogg.com.

         Forward-Looking Statements. This Report contains “forward-looking statements” with projections and expectations
         concerning, among other things, the anticipated separation of the Company's North American cereal business; the
         Company’s restructuring programs; the integration of acquired businesses; our strategy, financial principles, and plans;
         initiatives, improvements and growth; sales, margins, advertising, promotion, merchandising, brand building, operating
         profit, and earnings per share; innovation; investments; capital expenditures; asset write-offs and expenditures and
         costs related to productivity or efficiency initiatives; the impact of accounting changes and significant accounting
         estimates; our ability to meet interest and debt principal repayment obligations; minimum contractual obligations; future
         common stock repurchases or debt reduction; effective income tax rate; cash flow and core working capital
         improvements; interest expense; commodity and energy prices; ESG performance; and employee benefit plan costs
         and funding. Forward-looking statements include predictions of future results or activities and may contain the words
         “expect,” “believe,” “will,” “can,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “project,” “should,” or words or phrases of similar meaning. For
         example, forward-looking statements are found in this Item 1 and in several sections of Management’s Discussion and
         Analysis. Our actual results or activities may differ materially from these predictions.


16 sur 189                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231        https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




             10




17 sur 189                                                        4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Our future results could be affected by a variety of other factors, including the ability to effect the separation transaction
         and to meet the conditions related thereto; the ability of the separated North American cereal business to succeed as a
         standalone publicly traded company; potential uncertainty during the pendency of the separation transaction that could
         affect the Company’s financial performance; the possibility that separation transaction will not be completed within the
         anticipated time period or at all; the possibility that the separation transaction will not achieve its intended benefits; the
         possibility of disruption, including changes to existing business relationships, disputes, litigation or unanticipated costs
         in connection with the separation transaction; uncertainty of the expected financial performance of the Company or the
         separated North American cereal business following completion of the separation transaction; negative effects of the
         announcement or pendency of the separation transaction on the market price of the Company’s securities and/or on
         the financial performance of the Company; uncertainty of the magnitude, duration, geographic reach, impact on the
         global economy and current and potential restrictions and disruptions related to the COVID-19 outbreak; the impact of
         the COVID-19 outbreak on our business, growth, reputation, prospects, financial condition, operating results (including
         components of our financial results), and cash flows and liquidity; the residual impact of the 12-week labor strike at the
         Company's U.S. cereal plants and a fire at one of the plants; the ability to implement restructurings as planned, whether
         the expected amount of costs associated with restructurings will differ from forecasts, whether the Company will be
         able to realize the anticipated benefits from restructurings in the amounts and times expected; the ability to realize the
         anticipated benefits and synergies from business acquisitions in the amounts and at the times expected; the impact of
         competitive conditions; the effectiveness of pricing, advertising, and promotional programs; the success of innovation,
         renovation and new product introductions; the success of our Better Days and sustainability programs; the
         recoverability of the carrying value of goodwill and other intangibles; the success of productivity improvements and
         business transitions; commodity and energy prices, transportation costs, labor costs, disruptions or inefficiencies in
         supply chain; the availability of and interest rates on short-term and long-term financing; actual market performance of
         benefit plan trust investments; the levels of spending on systems initiatives, properties, business opportunities;
         integration of acquired businesses; other general and administrative costs; changes in consumer behavior and
         preferences; the effect of U.S. and foreign economic conditions on items such as interest rates; statutory tax rates;
         currency conversion and availability; legal and regulatory factors including changes in food safety, advertising and
         labeling laws and regulations, the ultimate impact of product recalls; business disruption or other losses from war,
         terrorist acts or political unrest; and the risks and uncertainties described in Item 1A below. Forward-looking statements
         speak only as of the date they were made, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update them.



         ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
         In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this Report, the following risks and uncertainties could materially
         adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additional risks and uncertainties not
         presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations and financial
         condition.
         Risks Related to Our Business
         Our business is significantly impacted by general macroeconomic conditions, and accordingly, our business,
         results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by further deterioration or
         a protracted extension of current macroeconomic challenges. The COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical instability,
         including the war in Ukraine, actual and potential shifts in U.S. and foreign, trade, economic and other policies, as well
         as other global events, have significantly increased macroeconomic uncertainty at a global level. The current
         macroeconomic environment is characterized by record-high inflation, supply chain challenges, labor shortages, high
         interest rates, foreign currency exchange volatility, volatility in global capital markets and growing recession risk. Such
         economic volatility could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and
         future market disruptions could negatively impact us. Further, adverse macroeconomic conditions may affect our
         customers’ and prospective customers’ operations and financial condition and make it difficult for our customers and
         prospective customers to accurately forecast and plan future business activities, which may in turn cause our
         customers to limit their purchase orders or affect their ability to pay amounts owed to us in a timely manner or at all, or
         adversely affect prospective customers’ ability or willingness to purchase our products. An economic downturn or a
         recession or increased uncertainty may also lead to increased credit and collectability risks, higher borrowing costs or
         reduced availability of capital and credit markets, reduced liquidity, adverse impacts on our suppliers, failures of
         counterparties including financial institutions and insurers, asset impairments, and declines in the value of our financial
         instruments.



18 sur 189                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         Pandemics, epidemics or disease outbreaks, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, may disrupt our business,
         including, among other things, our supply chain and production processes, each of which could materially
         affect our operations, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. The actual or perceived effects of a
         disease outbreak, epidemic, pandemic or similar widespread public health concern, such as the COVID-19 pandemic,
         could negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The global spread and



                                                                   11




19 sur 189                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         unprecedented impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic created significant volatility, uncertainty and economic
         disruption. The COVID-19 pandemic led governments and other authorities around the world to implement significant
         measures intended to control the spread of the virus, including shelter-in-place orders, social distancing measures,
         business closures or restrictions on operations, quarantines, travel bans and restrictions and multi-step policies with the
         goal of re-opening these markets. While these restrictions have been lifted or eased in many jurisdictions as the rates
         of COVID-19 infections have decreased or stabilized, a resurgence of the pandemic or other widespread public health
         concerns in some markets could lead to re-implementation of restrictions and impact our ability to perform critical
         functions. A shutdown of one or more of our manufacturing, warehousing or distribution facilities as a result of illness,
         government restrictions or other workforce disruptions or absenteeism, or reductions in capacity utilization levels, could
         result in us incurring additional direct costs and experiencing lost revenue. Illness, travel restrictions or workforce
         disruptions could negatively affect our supply chain, manufacturing, distribution or other business. These disruptions or
         our failure to effectively respond to them, could increase product or distribution costs, or cause delays or inability to
         deliver products to our customers. We have experienced temporary disruptions to our supply chain in certain markets.
         These disruptions to our work force and supply chain could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
         operations, financial condition and cash flows.
         The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our suppliers, manufacturers, distributors or transportation and logistics
         providers also negatively affected the price and availability of our raw materials and impacted our supply chain. A
         resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic or other widespread public health concerns could materially impact our ability to
         meet the demands of our customers. The potential impact of COVID-19 or other widespread public health concerns on
         any of our production or logistics providers could include, but is not limited to, problems with their respective
         businesses, finances, labor matters (including illness or absenteeism in workforce or closure due to positive testing),
         ability to import and secure ingredients and packaging, product quality issues, costs, production, insurance and
         reputation. Any of the foregoing could negatively affect the price and availability of our products and impact our supply
         chain. If the disruptions caused by COVID-19 or other widespread public health concerns continue for an extended
         period of time, our ability to meet the demand for our products may be materially impacted.
         The impact of COVID-19 may also heighten other risks discussed in this “Risk Factors” section.
         We may not realize the benefits we expect from revenue growth management. We are utilizing formal revenue
         growth management practices to help us realize price in a more effective way. This data-driven approach addresses
         price strategy, price-pack architecture, promotion strategy, mix management, and trade strategies. Revenue growth
         management involves changes to the way we do business and may not always be accepted by our customers,
         consumers or third-party providers causing us not to realize the anticipated benefits. In addition, the complexity of the
         execution requires a substantial amount of management and operational resources. These and related demands on
         our resources may divert the organization's attention from other business issues and have adverse effects on existing
         business relationships with suppliers and customers. Any failure to execute revenue growth management in
         accordance with our plans, including as a result of our revenue growth management process, could adversely affect
         our business or financial condition.
         Our results may be negatively impacted if consumers do not maintain their favorable perception of our brands.
         We have a number of iconic brands with significant value. Promoting and protecting the value of these brands is critical
         to the success of our business. Brand value is primarily based on consumer perceptions. Successful promotion and
         brand value enhancement depends in large part on our ability to provide high-quality products. Brand value could
         diminish significantly due to a number of factors, including consumer perception that we, or any of our employees or
         agents, have acted in an irresponsible manner, adverse publicity about our labor relations (whether or not valid), our
         products (whether or not valid), our failure to maintain the quality of our products, the failure of our products to deliver
         consistently positive consumer experiences, the products becoming unavailable to consumers, or the failure to meet
         the nutrition expectations of our products or particular ingredients in our products (whether or not valid), including the
         perception of healthfulness of our products or their ingredients. In addition, due to our varied and geographically
         diverse consumer base, we must be responsive to local consumers, including when and how consumers consume food
         products and their desire for premium or value offerings and whether to provide an array of products that satisfy the
         broad spectrum of consumer preferences. Accordingly, we might fail to anticipate consumer preferences with respect to
         dietary trends or purchasing behaviors, invest sufficiently in maintaining, extending and expanding our brand image or
         achieve the desired effects of our marketing efforts or use data-driven marketing and advertising to reach consumers at


20 sur 189                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         the right time with the right message. The growing use of social and digital media platforms by consumers, Kellogg and
         third parties increases the speed and extent that information or misinformation and opinions can be shared. Negative
         posts or comments about Kellogg, our brands, our products, our labor relations or any of our employees or agents on
         social or digital media platforms could seriously damage our brands, reputation and brand loyalty, regardless of the
         information’s accuracy.



                                                                   12




21 sur 189                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Placement of our advertisements in digital media may also result in damage to our brands if the media itself
         experiences negative publicity itself. The harm may be immediate, and we may not be afforded an opportunity for
         redress or correction. Brand recognition and loyalty can also be impacted by the effectiveness of our advertising
         campaigns, marketing programs, influencers and sponsorships, as well as our use of social media. If we do not
         maintain the favorable perception of our brands, our results could be negatively impacted.
         Business disruptions could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
         operations. We manufacture and source products and materials on a global scale. We have a complex network of
         suppliers, owned manufacturing locations, contract manufacturer locations, warehousing and distribution networks and
         information systems that support our ability to provide our products to our customers consistently. Our ability to make,
         move and sell products globally is critical to our success. Factors that are hard to predict or beyond our control, such as
         product or raw material scarcity, workforce disruptions, weather (including any potential effects of climate change),
         natural disasters, water availability, fires or explosions, terrorism, political unrest, government restrictions, mandates or
         shutdowns, tariffs and other trade restrictions, cybersecurity breaches, health pandemics, such as the COVID-19
         pandemic, disruptions in logistics, loss or impairment of key manufacturing sites, supplier capacity constraints, or
         strikes, could damage or disrupt our operations or our suppliers', their suppliers or our contract manufacturers'
         operations. If we do not effectively prepare for and respond to disruptions in our operations, for example, by finding
         alternative suppliers or replacing capacity at key manufacturing or distribution locations, or cannot quickly repair
         damage to our information, technology, production or supply systems, we may be late in delivering or unable to deliver
         products to our customers. If that occurs, we may lose our customers' confidence, and long-term consumer demand for
         our products could decline. In addition, insurance policies that may provide coverage with regard to such events may
         not cover any or all of the resulting financial losses. These events could adversely affect our business, financial
         condition and results of operations.
         We have experienced temporary workforce disruptions in our supply chain as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. We
         have implemented employee safety measures, based on guidance from the Centers for Disease Control and
         Prevention, Occupational Safety and Health Administration and World Health Organization, across all our supply chain
         facilities, including proper hygiene, social distancing, mask use, and temperature screenings. Illness, travel restrictions,
         absenteeism, or other workforce disruptions could negatively affect our supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, or
         other business processes.
         Many of our employees are covered by collectively-bargained agreements and other employees may seek to be
         covered by collectively-bargained agreements. Strikes or work stoppages and interruptions have occurred, including an
         almost three-month long strike in fiscal 2021 related to negotiations of a collectively bargained agreement at our U.S.
         ready-to-eat cereal manufacturing locations, and could occur in the future if we are unable to renew these agreements
         on satisfactory terms or enter into new agreements on satisfactory terms, which could adversely impact our operating
         results.
         In addition, we may be unable to meet the demand for our products during certain business disruptions. For instance,
         we experienced increased demand for many of our products during the COVID-19 pandemic and were, at times,
         unable to fill all customer orders. Short term or sustained increases in consumer demand at our retail customers may
         exceed our production capacity or otherwise strain our supply chain. We may face additional production disruptions in
         the future, which may place constraints on our ability to produce products in a timely manner or may increase our costs.
         Our failure to meet the demand for our products could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
         We may not achieve our targeted cost savings and efficiencies from cost reduction initiatives. Our success
         depends in part on our ability to be an efficient producer in a highly competitive industry. We have invested a significant
         amount in capital expenditures to improve our operational facilities. Ongoing operational issues are likely to occur when
         carrying out major production, procurement, manufacturing or logistical changes and these, as well as any failure by us
         to achieve our planned cost savings and efficiencies, could have a material adverse effect on our business and
         consolidated financial position and on the consolidated results of our operations and profitability. Disruptions and
         uncertainties related to adverse macroeconomic conditions, including rising inflation and economic slowdowns or
         recessions, for a sustained period of time could result in delays or modifications to our strategic plans and other
         initiatives and hinder our ability to achieve our cost savings and productivity initiatives on the same timelines.
         Structural and Organizational Risks


22 sur 189                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                         https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         The proposed separation of our North American cereal business is subject to various risks and uncertainties
         and may not be completed in accordance with the expected plans or anticipated timeline, or at all, and will
         involve significant time, expense, and resources, which could disrupt or adversely affect our



                                                              13




23 sur 189                                                                                                         4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         business. On June 21, 2022, the Company announced a plan to separate its North American cereal business, via a
         tax-free spin-off, with a target to complete the transaction by the end of 2023, resulting in two independent public
         companies, each better positioned to unlock their full standalone potential. We cannot assure that the separation
         transaction will be completed on the anticipated timeline or at all or that the terms of the separation will not change. The
         transaction will follow the satisfaction of customary conditions, including reviews and final approval by Kellogg’s Board
         of Directors, receipt of an Internal Revenue Service ruling and relevant tax opinions with respect to the tax-free nature
         of the transaction, effectiveness of appropriate filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, and
         acceptance of the North American cereal company’s common stock for listing by a national securities exchange
         approved by Kellogg’s Board of Directors, the completion of audited financials of the new independent company,
         among others. The failure to satisfy any of the required conditions could delay the completion of the separation for a
         significant period of time or prevent it from occurring at all.
         Unanticipated developments, including changes in the competitive conditions of our markets, possible delays in
         obtaining various tax opinions or rulings or failure of the spin-off transaction to qualify for non-recognition treatment for
         U.S. federal income tax purposes, or for tax-deferred treatment for Canadian federal and provincial income tax
         purposes, the filing and effectiveness of appropriate filings with the SEC and the listing on a stock exchange,
         negotiating challenges, the uncertainty of the financial markets, changes in the law, and challenges in executing the
         separation of the business, could delay or prevent the completion of the separation, or cause the separation to occur
         on terms or conditions that are different or less favorable than initially expected. Any changes to the separation or delay
         in completing the separation could cause us not to realize some or all of the expected benefits, or realize them on a
         different timeline than initially expected. Further, our Board of Directors could decide, either because of a failure of
         conditions or because of market or other factors, to abandon the separation. No assurance can be given as to whether
         and when the separation will occur.
         Whether or not we complete the separation, our ongoing business may be adversely affected and we may be subject to
         certain risks and consequences as a result of pursuing the separation our North American cereal business, including
         the following:
             •   We have incurred expenses in connection with the separation, and expect that the process of completing the
                 separation will be time-consuming and involve significant additional costs and expenses, which may not yield a
                 discernible benefit if the separation is not completed.
             •   Executing the separation will require significant time and attention from our senior management and
                 employees, which may divert management’s attention from operating and growing our business and could
                 adversely affect our business, financial results, and results of operations. Our employees may also be
                 distracted due to uncertainty about their future roles with the separate companies pending completion of the
                 separation.
             •   We may also experience increased difficulties in attracting, retaining, and motivating employees during the
                 pendency of the separation and following completion of the separation transaction, which could harm our
                 businesses. In addition, if the separation is not completed, we will still be required to pay certain costs and
                 expenses incurred in connection therewith, such as legal, accounting, and other professional fees.
             •   Some of our customers or suppliers may delay or defer decisions or may end their relationships with us.
             •   We may experience negative reactions from the financial markets if we fail to complete the separation or fail to
                 complete it on a timely basis.
             •   The announcement and pendency of the separation may cause some investors to sell our shares, creating
                 greater volatility in the trading price of our shares and potentially causing market prices to decline.
         Any of the above factors could cause the separation (or the failure to execute the separation) to have a material
         adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and the trading price of our common stock.
         The separation may not achieve the anticipated benefits and will expose us to new risks. We may not realize the
         anticipated strategic, financial, operational, or other benefits from the separation of our North American cereal
         business. We cannot predict with certainty when the benefits expected from the separation will occur or the extent to
         which they will be achieved. If the separation is completed, our operational and financial profile will change and we will


24 sur 189                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         face new risks. As an independent company, our North American cereal business will be a smaller, less-diversified
         company and may be more vulnerable to adverse regulations, economic climate, consumer trends, market fluctuations,
         including commodity price fluctuations or supply shortages, and other adverse events. There is no assurance that,
         following the separation, the North American cereal business will be successful. The announcement and/or completion
         of the separation may cause uncertainty for or disruptions with our customers, partners, suppliers, and employees,
         which may negatively impact these relationships or our operations. In addition,



                                                                 14




25 sur 189                                                                                                            4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         we will incur one-time costs and ongoing costs in connection with, or as a result of, the separation, including costs of
         operating as independent, publicly-traded companies that the two businesses will no longer be able to share. Those
         costs may exceed our estimates or could negate some of the benefits we expect to realize. If we do not realize the
         intended benefits or if our costs exceed our estimates, we or the business that is spun off could suffer a material
         adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations, and trading price of us or the separated North
         American cereal business.
         If the proposed separation is completed, the trading price of our common stock may decline and may
         experience greater volatility. Upon completion of the proposed separation, because the trading price for our shares
         will no longer reflect the value of the separated business, such trading price may be lower than immediately prior to the
         separation. In addition, until the market has fully analyzed our value without the separated business, the price of our
         shares may experience greater volatility. If the proposed separation is completed, our shares may not match some
         holders’ investment strategies or meet minimum criteria for inclusion in stock market indices or portfolios, which could
         cause certain investors to sell their shares, which could lead to declines in the trading price of our common stock.
         Further, there can be no assurance that the combined value of the shares of the two resulting companies will be equal
         to or greater than what the value of our common stock would have been had the proposed separation not occurred.
         If we pursue strategic acquisitions, alliances, divestitures or joint ventures, we may not be able to successfully
         consummate favorable transactions or successfully integrate acquired businesses. From time to time, we may
         evaluate potential acquisitions, alliances, divestitures or joint ventures that would further our strategic objectives. With
         respect to acquisitions, we may not be able to identify suitable candidates, consummate a transaction on terms that are
         favorable to us, integrate the acquired business into our existing operations in a timely and cost-efficient manner,
         including implementation of enterprise-resource planning systems, or achieve expected returns, expected synergies
         and other benefits as a result of integration or other challenges, or may not achieve those objectives on a timely basis.
         Future acquisitions of foreign companies or new foreign ventures would subject us to local laws and regulations and
         could potentially lead to risks related to, among other things, increased exposure to foreign exchange rate changes,
         government price control, repatriation of profits and liabilities relating to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the
         “FCPA”).
         With respect to proposed divestitures of assets or businesses, we may encounter difficulty in finding acquirers or
         alternative exit strategies on terms that are favorable to us, which could delay the accomplishment of our strategic
         objectives, or our divestiture activities may require us to recognize impairment charges. Companies or operations
         acquired or joint ventures created may not be profitable or may not achieve sales levels and profitability that justify the
         investments made. Our corporate development activities may present financial and operational risks, including
         diversion of management attention from existing core businesses, integrating or separating personnel and financial and
         other systems, and adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers. Future acquisitions
         could also result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities and/or
         amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets and increased operating expenses, which could adversely
         affect our results of operations and financial condition.
         To the extent we undertake divestitures in the future, we may face additional risks related to such activity. For example,
         risks related to our ability to find appropriate buyers, to execute transactions on favorable terms, to separate divested
         businesses from our remaining operations, and to effectively manage any transitional service arrangements. Any of
         these factors could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.
         Further, our participation in joint ventures may cause our results of operations and cash flows to fluctuate for reasons
         unrelated to the underlying financial performance of the joint venture. The manner and extent to which the financial
         results of joint ventures are reflected in our consolidated financial statements depend upon how the ownership and
         governance of a particular joint venture is characterized under GAAP including assessing the financial and governance
         control of the joint venture. Changes at Kellogg unrelated to the joint venture, such as a change of control, may result in
         changes to how a joint venture is assessed under GAAP. If a joint venture that we currently consolidate in our financial
         statements becomes unconsolidated, or vice versa, this could have an adverse effect on our reported revenues, results
         of operations and/or cash flows.
         We may not be able to attract, develop and retain the highly skilled people we need to support our business.
         We depend on the skills and continued service of key personnel, including our experienced management team. In


26 sur 189                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                  https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         addition, our ability to achieve our strategic and operating goals depends on our ability to identify, recruit, hire, train and
         retain qualified individuals, including, for example, individuals with e-commerce, digital marketing and data analytics
         capabilities and skilled labor in our manufacturing facilities. We compete with other companies both within and outside
         of our industry for talented personnel, and we may lose key personnel or



                                                                       15




27 sur 189                                                                                                                     4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         fail to attract, recruit, train, develop and retain other talented personnel. Recruiting and retention of talent has become
         especially challenging in the current employment market, fueled in part by changes due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
         Any such loss, failure or negative perception with respect to these individuals may adversely affect our business or
         financial results. In addition, activities related to identifying, recruiting, hiring and integrating qualified individuals may
         require significant time and expense. We may not be able to locate suitable replacements for any key employees who
         terminate their employment, or offer employment to potential replacements on reasonable terms, each of which may
         adversely affect our business and financial results. Additionally, changes in regional preferences, immigration laws and
         policies could also make it more difficult for us to recruit or relocate skilled employees.
         Risks Related to Our Industry
         Our results may be materially and adversely impacted as a result of increases in the price of raw materials,
         including agricultural commodities, packaging, fuel and labor. Agricultural commodities, including vegetable oils,
         wheat, corn, sugar, fruits and nuts, potato flakes, rice and cocoa, are the principal raw materials used in our products.
         Cartonboard, corrugated, and flexible packaging are the principal packaging materials used by us. The cost of such
         commodities may fluctuate widely due to government policy, regulation, and/or shutdown, import and export
         requirements (including tariffs), global geopolitical conditions (including war, such as the war in Ukraine), general
         economic conditions (including inflationary pressures), sanctions, drought and other weather conditions (including the
         potential effects of climate change), a pandemic illness (such as the COVID-19 outbreak), environmental or other
         sustainability regulation, or other unforeseen circumstances. Specifically, certain ingredients, packaging and other
         goods and services were impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and have continued to be impacted by an unfavorable
         macroeconomic environment, including as a result of (among other things) labor shortages and inflationary pressures,
         and although we are unable to predict the impact to our ability to source such materials and services in the future, we
         expect these supply pressures and market disruptions to continue into 2023. To the extent that any of the foregoing
         factors affect the prices of such commodities and we are unable to increase our prices or adequately hedge against
         such changes in prices in a manner that offsets such changes, the results of our operations could be materially and
         adversely affected. In addition, we use derivatives to hedge price risk associated with forecasted purchases of raw
         materials. Our hedged price could exceed the spot price on the date of purchase, resulting in an unfavorable impact on
         both gross margin and net earnings. Also, sustained price increases may lead to declines in volume as competitors
         may not adjust their prices, or consumers may decide not to pay the higher prices or may increasingly purchase lower-
         priced offerings or forego some purchases altogether during an economic downturn or a recession or instances of
         increased inflationary pressures, which could lead to sales declines and loss of market share. In an inflationary
         environment, such as the current economic environment, depending on the market conditions of the food industry and
         the raising of interest rates by the United States Federal Reserve, we may be unable to raise the prices of our products
         enough to keep up with the rate of inflation, which would reduce our profit margins, and continued inflationary
         pressures could impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Food processing equipment at our
         facilities is regularly fueled by electricity, oil, natural gas or propane, which are obtained from local utilities or other local
         suppliers. Short-term stand-by propane and/or oil storage exists at several plants for use in case of interruption in
         natural gas supplies. In addition, considerable amounts of diesel fuel are used in connection with the distribution of our
         products. The cost of fuel may fluctuate widely due to economic and political conditions, government policy, regulation
         and/or shutdown, war, or other unforeseen circumstances which could have a material adverse effect on our
         consolidated operating results or financial condition.
         Our results may be adversely affected by increases in transportation costs and reduced availability of or
         increases in the price of oil or other fuels. We rely on trucking and railroad operators to deliver incoming ingredients
         to our manufacturing locations and to deliver finished products to our customers. Shortages of truck drivers and railroad
         workers have contributed to increased freight costs, which has had a material and adverse effect on our business,
         financial condition and results of operations. During 2021 and 2022, the cost of distribution generally increased due to
         an increase in transportation and logistics costs. Transportation costs are further increasing as a result of high levels of
         long-haul driver turnover and increased railroad traffic and service issues. Additionally, energy and fuel costs can
         fluctuate dramatically and, at times, have resulted in significant cost increases, particularly for the price of oil and
         gasoline.
         We operate in the highly competitive food industry, including with respect to retail and shelf space. We face
         competition across our product lines, including snacks, ready-to-eat cereals and other convenience foods, from other


28 sur 189                                                                                                                        4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         companies that have varying abilities to withstand changes in market conditions. The principal aspects of our business
         where we face competition include brand recognition, taste, nutritional value, price, promotion, innovation, shelf space,
         navigating the growing e- commerce marketplace, convenient ordering and delivery to the consumer and customer
         service. Most of our competitors have substantial financial, marketing, sales and other resources, and



                                                                    16




29 sur 189                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         some of our competitors may spend more aggressively on advertising and promotional activities than we do. Our
         competition with other companies in our various markets and product lines could cause us to reduce prices, increase
         capital, marketing or other expenditures, or lose category share, any of which could have a material adverse effect on
         our business and financial results. Our ability to compete also depends upon our ability to predict, identify, and interpret
         the tastes and dietary habits of consumers and to offer products that appeal to those preferences. There are inherent
         marketplace risks associated with new product or packaging introductions, including uncertainties about trade and
         consumer acceptance. If we do not succeed in offering products that consumers want to buy, our sales and market
         share will decrease, resulting in reduced profitability. If we are unable to accurately predict which shifts in consumer
         preferences will be long-lasting, or are unable to introduce new and improved products to satisfy those preferences, our
         sales will decline. In addition, given the variety of backgrounds and identities of consumers in our consumer base, we
         must offer a sufficient array of products to satisfy the broad spectrum of consumer preferences.
         In some cases, our competitors may be able to respond to changing business and economic conditions or consumer
         preferences more quickly than us. Category share and growth could also be adversely impacted if we are not
         successful in introducing new products, anticipating changes in consumer preferences with respect to dietary trends or
         purchasing behaviors or in effectively assessing, changing and setting proper pricing.
         In addition, in nearly all of our product categories, we compete against branded products as well as private label
         products. Our products must provide higher value and/or quality to our consumers than alternatives, particularly during
         periods of economic uncertainty. Consumers may not buy our products if relative differences in value and/or quality
         between our products and private label products change in favor of competitors’ products or if consumers perceive this
         type of change. If consumers prefer private label products, which are typically sold at lower prices, then we could lose
         category share or sales volumes or shift our product mix to lower margin offerings, which could have a material effect
         on our business and consolidated financial position and on the consolidated results of our operations and profitability.
         Further, our ability to compete may be limited by an inability to secure new retailers or maintain or add shelf and/or
         retail space for our products. There can be no assurance that retailers will provide sufficient, or any, shelf space, nor
         that online retailers will provide online access to, or adequate product visibility on, their platform. Unattractive
         placement or pricing may put our products at a disadvantage compared to those of our competitors. Even if we obtain
         shelf space or preferable shelf placement, our new and existing products may fail to achieve the sales expectations set
         by our retailers, potentially causing these retailers to remove our products from their shelves.
         The changing retail environment and the growing presence of alternative retail channels, could negatively
         impact our sales and profits. Our businesses are largely concentrated in the traditional retail grocery trade. Our
         largest customer, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and its affiliates, accounted for approximately 18% of consolidated net sales
         during 2022, comprised principally of sales within the United States. No other customer accounted for greater than 10%
         of net sales in 2022. During 2022, our top five customers, collectively, including Wal-Mart, accounted for approximately
         32% of our consolidated net sales and approximately 53% of U.S. net sales. There can be no assurances that our
         largest customers will continue to purchase our products in the same mix or quantities or on the same terms as in the
         past. As the retail grocery trade continues to consolidate and retailers become larger, our large retail customers have
         sought, and may continue to seek in the future, to use their position to improve their profitability through improved
         efficiency, lower pricing, increased promotional programs funded by their suppliers and more favorable terms. Such
         consolidation can continue to adversely impact our smaller customers’ ability to compete effectively, resulting in an
         inability on their part to pay for our products or reduced or canceled orders of our products. In addition, larger retailers
         have the scale to develop supply chains that permit them to operate with reduced inventories or to develop and market
         their own private label products. If we are unable to use our scale, marketing expertise, product innovation and
         category leadership positions to respond, our profitability or volume growth could be negatively affected. As a result of
         the consolidated nature of the retail environment, the loss of any large customer or severe adverse impact on the
         business operations of any large customer for an extended length of time could negatively impact our sales and profits.
         Additionally, alternative retail channels, such as e-commerce retailers (including as a result of the integration of
         traditional and digital operations at key retailers), subscription services, discount and dollar stores, direct-to-consumer
         brands, drug stores and club stores, have continued to grow. This trend away from traditional retail grocery, and
         towards such channels, is expected to continue in the future. If we are not successful in expanding sales in alternative
         retail channels, our business or financial results may be negatively impacted. In particular, substantial growth in



30 sur 189                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         e-commerce has encouraged the entry of new competitors and business models, intensifying competition by simplifying
         distribution and lowering barriers to entry. The expanding presence of e-commerce retailers has impacted, and may
         continue to impact, consumer preferences and market dynamics, which in turn may



                                                                 17




31 sur 189                                                                                                            4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         negatively affect our sales or profits. In addition, these alternative retail channels may create consumer price deflation,
         affecting our large retail and wholesale customer relationships and presenting additional challenges to increasing prices
         in response to commodity or other cost increases. Also, if these alternative retail channels, such as e-commerce
         retailers were to take significant share away from traditional retailers that could have a flow over effect on our business
         and our financial results could be negatively impacted.
         Our consolidated financial results and demand for our products are dependent on the successful development
         of new products and processes. There are a number of trends in consumer preferences which may impact us and
         the industry as a whole. These include changing consumer dietary trends and the availability of substitute products.
         Our success is dependent on anticipating changes in consumer preferences and on successful new product and
         process development and product relaunches in response to such changes. Trends within the food industry change
         often, and failure to identify and react to changes in these trends could lead to, among other things, reduced loyalty,
         reduced demand and price reductions for our brands and products. We aim to introduce products or new or improved
         production processes on a timely basis in order to counteract obsolescence and decreases in sales of existing
         products. While we devote significant focus to the development of new products and to the research, development and
         technology process functions of our business, we may not be successful in developing new products or our new
         products may not be commercially successful. In addition, if sales generated by new products cause a decline in sales
         of the Company's existing products, the Company's financial condition and results of operations could be materially
         adversely affected. Our future results and our ability to maintain or improve our competitive position will depend on our
         capacity to gauge the direction of our key markets and upon our ability to successfully identify, develop, manufacture,
         market and sell new or improved products in these changing markets, including through the expansion into
         complementary product categories.
         Adverse changes in the global climate or extreme weather conditions could adversely affect our business or
         operations. As set forth in the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change Fifth Assessment Report, there is
         continuing scientific evidence, as well as concern from members of the general public, that emissions of greenhouse
         gases and contributing human activities have caused and will continue to cause significant changes in global
         temperatures and weather patterns and increase the frequency or severity of weather events, wildfires and flooding. As
         the pressures from climate change and global population growth lead to increased demand, the food system and global
         supply chain is becoming increasingly vulnerable to acute shocks, leading to increased prices and volatility, especially
         in the energy and commodity markets. Adverse changes such as these could (i) unfavorably impact the cost or
         availability of raw or packaging materials, especially if such events have a negative impact on agricultural productivity
         or on the supply of water, (ii) disrupt production schedules and our ability, or the ability of our suppliers or contract
         manufacturers, to manufacture or distribute our products, (iii) reduce crop size or quality, (iv) disrupt the retail
         operations of our customers, or (v) unfavorably impact the demand for, or the consumer's ability to purchase, our
         products.
         Additionally, we face climate-related transition risks, including new legislation and regulation aimed at addressing
         climate change and shifts in market preferences for more sustainable products and services. There is an increased
         focus by foreign, federal, state and local regulatory and legislative bodies regarding environmental policies relating to
         climate change, regulating greenhouse gas emissions, energy policies and sustainability, including single use plastics.
         This new or increased focus may result in new or increasingly stringent laws and regulations that could increase the
         risk that we are subject to litigation or government enforcement actions and require us to incur increased legal,
         accounting and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming and costly, and place
         strain on our personnel, systems and resources. In particular, increasing regulation of fuel emissions could substantially
         increase the distribution and supply chain costs associated with our products. In addition, consumers and customers
         may put an increased priority on purchasing products that are sustainably grown and made, requiring us to incur
         increased costs for additional transparency, due diligence and reporting. As a result, climate change as well as actions
         taken to mitigate climate change could negatively affect our business and operations.
         Risks Related to Our Operations
         A shortage in the labor pool, failure to successfully negotiate collectively bargained agreements, or other
         general inflationary pressures or changes in applicable laws and regulations could increase labor cost, which
         could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated operating results or financial condition. Our labor



32 sur 189                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         costs include the cost of providing benefits for employees. We sponsor a number of benefit plans for employees in the
         United States and various foreign locations, including pension, retiree health and welfare, active health care, severance
         and other post-employment benefits. We also participate in multiemployer pension plans for certain of our
         manufacturing locations. Our major pension plans and U.S. collectively bargained retiree health and welfare plans are
         funded with trust assets invested in a globally diversified portfolio of equity securities with smaller



                                                                    18




33 sur 189                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         holdings of bonds, real estate and other investments. The annual cost of benefits can vary significantly from year to
         year and is materially affected by such factors as changes in the assumed or actual rate of return on major plan assets,
         a change in the weighted-average discount rate used to measure obligations, the rate or trend of health care cost
         inflation, and the outcome of collectively-bargained wage and benefit agreements. Many of our employees are covered
         by collectively-bargained agreements and other employees may seek to be covered by collectively-bargained
         agreements. Strikes or work stoppages and interruptions have occurred, including am almost three-month long strike in
         fiscal 2021 related to negotiation of a collectively bargained agreement at our U.S. ready-to-eat cereal manufacturing
         locations. Strikes or work stoppages could occur in the future at any of our collectively-bargained locations if we are
         unable to renew our current collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms or enter into new agreements on
         satisfactory terms, which could adversely impact our operating results. The terms and conditions of existing,
         renegotiated or new agreements could also increase our costs or otherwise affect our ability to fully implement future
         operational changes to enhance our efficiency. Furthermore, we rely on access to competitive, local labor supply,
         including skilled and unskilled positions, to operate our business consistently and reliably. We may encounter difficulty
         recruiting sufficient numbers of personnel at acceptable wage and benefit levels due to the competitive labor market.
         Our inability to attract, develop and retain the personnel necessary for the efficient operation of our business could
         result in higher costs and decreased productivity and efficiency, which may have a material adverse effect on our
         performance.
         Multiemployer pension plans could adversely affect our business. We participate in “multiemployer” pension plans
         administered by labor unions representing some of our U.S. based employees. We make periodic contributions to
         these plans to allow them to meet their pension benefit obligations to their participants. Our required contributions to
         these funds could increase because of a shrinking contribution base as a result of the insolvency or withdrawal of other
         companies that currently contribute to these funds, inability or failure of withdrawing companies to pay their withdrawal
         liability, lower than expected returns on pension fund assets or other funding deficiencies. In the event that we withdraw
         from participation in one of these plans, then applicable law could require us to make withdrawal liability payments, and
         we would have to reflect that as an expense in our consolidated statement of operations and as a liability on our
         consolidated balance sheet. Our withdrawal liability obligation to a multiemployer plan would depend, in part, on the
         extent of the plan’s funding of vested benefits. In the ordinary course of our renegotiation of collective bargaining
         agreements with labor unions that maintain these plans, we may decide to discontinue participation in a plan, and in
         that event, we could face a withdrawal liability. One of the multiemployer plans in which we participate is reported to
         have significant underfunded liabilities. Such underfunding could impact the size of our potential withdrawal liability.
         Our postretirement benefit-related costs and funding requirements could increase as a result of volatility in the
         financial markets, changes in interest rates and actuarial assumptions. Increases in the costs of postretirement
         medical and pension benefits may continue and could negatively affect our business as a result of increased usage of
         medical benefits by retired employees and medical cost inflation, an increase in participants enrolled, the effect of
         potential declines in the stock and bond markets on the performance of our pension and post-retirement plan assets,
         potential reductions in the discount rate used to determine the present value of our benefit obligations, and changes to
         our investment strategy that may impact our expected return on pension and post-retirement plan assets assumptions.
         U.S. generally accepted accounting principles require that we calculate income or expense for the plans using actuarial
         valuations. These valuations reflect assumptions about financial markets and interest rates, which may change based
         on economic conditions. The Company’s accounting policy for defined benefit plans may subject earnings to volatility
         due to the recognition of actuarial gains and losses, particularly those due to the change in the fair value of pension
         and post-retirement plan assets and interest rates. In addition, funding requirements for our plans may become more
         significant. However, the ultimate amounts to be contributed are dependent upon, among other things, interest rates,
         underlying asset returns, and the impact of legislative or regulatory changes related to pension and post-retirement
         funding obligations.
         We use available borrowings under the credit facilities and other available debt financing for cash to operate
         our business, which subjects us to market and counter-party risk, some of which is beyond our control. In
         addition to cash we generate from our business, our principal existing sources of cash are borrowings available under
         our credit facilities and other available debt financing. If our access to such financing was unavailable or reduced, or if
         such financing were to become significantly more expensive for any reason, we may not be able to fund daily
         operations, which would cause material harm to our business or could affect our ability to operate our business as a



34 sur 189                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         going concern. In addition, if certain of our lenders experience difficulties that render them unable to fund future draws
         on the facilities, we may not be able to access all or a portion of these funds, which could have similar adverse
         consequences.
         We utilize extended payment terms for customers and suppliers supplemented with third party financing
         programs to assist in effectively managing our core working capital. If the extension of payment terms is



                                                                     19




35 sur 189                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         reversed or financial institutions terminate their participation, our ability to maintain current levels of core
         working capital could be adversely impacted. Our principal source of liquidity is operating cash flows supplemented
         by borrowings for major acquisitions and other significant transactions. In order to mitigate the net working capital
         impact of offering extended customer payment terms, we entered into agreements to sell, on a revolving basis, certain
         trade accounts receivable balances to third party financial institutions (Monetization Programs). In addition, in
         combination with extending supplier payment terms, we have agreements with third parties (Accounts Payable
         Program) to offer structured payables programs to our suppliers which enable suppliers, at their sole discretion, to enter
         bilateral agreements to sell Company payment obligations to designated third-party financial institutions. If financial
         institutions were to terminate their participation in the Monetization Programs and we are not able to modify related
         customer payment terms, working capital could be negatively impacted. Additionally, working capital could be
         negatively impacted if we shorten our supplier payment terms as a result of supplier negotiations. For suppliers
         participating in the Accounts Payable Program, financial institutions may terminate their participation or we could
         experience a downgrade in our credit rating that could result in higher costs to suppliers. If working capital is negatively
         impacted as a result of these events and we were unable to secure alternative programs, we may have to utilize our
         various financing arrangements for short-term liquidity or increase our long-term borrowings.
         We have a substantial amount of indebtedness. We have indebtedness that is substantial in relation to our
         shareholders’ equity, and we may incur additional indebtedness in the future, or enter into off-balance sheet financing,
         which would increase our leverage risks. As of December 31, 2022, we had total debt of approximately $6.6 billion and
         total Kellogg Company equity of $3.9 billion. Our substantial indebtedness could have important consequences,
         including (i) impairing the ability to access global capital markets to obtain additional financing for working capital,
         capital expenditures or general corporate purposes, particularly if the ratings assigned to our debt securities by rating
         organizations were revised downward or if a rating organization announces that our ratings are under review for a
         potential downgrade, (ii) a downgrade in our credit ratings, particularly our short-term credit rating, would likely reduce
         the amount of commercial paper we could issue, increase our commercial paper borrowing costs, or both, (iii)
         restricting our flexibility in responding to changing market conditions or making us more vulnerable in the event of a
         general downturn in economic conditions or our business, (iv) requiring a substantial portion of the cash flow from
         operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our debt, reducing the funds available to us for
         other purposes such as expansion through acquisitions, paying dividends, repurchasing shares, marketing and other
         spending and expansion of our product offerings, (v) and causing us to be more leveraged than some of our
         competitors, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage. Our ability to make scheduled payments or to
         refinance our obligations with respect to indebtedness or incur new indebtedness will depend on our financial and
         operating performance, which in turn, is subject to prevailing economic conditions, the availability of, and interest rates
         on, short-term financing, and financial, business and other factors beyond our control.
         An impairment of the carrying value of goodwill or other acquired intangibles could negatively affect our
         consolidated operating results and net worth. The carrying value of goodwill represents the fair value of acquired
         businesses in excess of identifiable assets and liabilities as of the acquisition date. The carrying value of other
         intangibles represents the fair value of trademarks, trade names, and other acquired intangibles as of the acquisition
         date. Goodwill and other acquired intangibles expected to contribute indefinitely to our cash flows are not amortized,
         but must be evaluated by management at least annually for impairment. If carrying value exceeds current fair value, the
         intangible is considered impaired and is reduced to fair value via a charge to earnings. Factors which could result in an
         impairment include, but are not limited to: (i) reduced demand for our products; (ii) higher commodity prices; (iii) lower
         prices for our products or increased marketing as a result of increased competition; and (iv) significant disruptions to
         our operations as a result of both internal and external events. Should the value of one or more of the acquired
         intangibles become impaired, our consolidated earnings and net worth may be materially adversely affected.
         Furthermore, we continue to evaluate the potential impact of COVID-19 on the fair value of our goodwill and other
         intangibles. While we concluded there were no indicators for any of our significant goodwill or other intangible assets as
         of December 31, 2022, any significant sustained adverse change in consumer purchasing behaviors, government
         restrictions, financial results, or macroeconomic conditions could result in future impairment.
         As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of intangible assets totaled approximately $8 billion, of which $5.7 billion
         was goodwill and $2.3 billion represented trademarks, tradenames, and other acquired intangibles compared to total
         assets of $18.5 billion and total Kellogg Company equity of $3.9 billion.



36 sur 189                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                  https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         Risks Related to Regulations and Litigation



                                                       20




37 sur 189                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         We face risks related to tax matters, including changes in tax rates, disagreements with taxing authorities and
         imposition of new taxes. The Company is subject to taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions where the
         Company’s subsidiaries are organized. Due to economic and political conditions (including shifts in the geopolitical
         landscape), tax rates in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions have been and may be subject to significant change.
         The future effective tax rate could be effected by changes in mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax
         rates, changes in valuation of deferred tax asset and liabilities, or changes in tax laws or their interpretation which
         includes the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “U.S. Tax Reform”) and contemplated changes in other countries of long-
         standing tax principles if finalized and adopted could have a material impact on our income tax expense and deferred
         tax balances. We are also subject to regular reviews, examinations and audits by the Internal Revenue Service and
         other taxing authorities with respect to taxes inside and outside of the U.S. Although we believe our tax estimates are
         reasonable, if a taxing authority disagrees with the positions we have taken, we could face additional tax liability,
         including interest and penalties. There can be no assurance that payment of such additional amounts upon final
         adjudication of any disputes will not have a material impact on our results of operations and financial position. We also
         need to comply with new, evolving or revised tax laws and regulations. The enactment of or increases in tariffs,
         including value added tax, or other changes in the application of existing taxes, in markets in which we are currently
         active, or may be active in the future, or on specific products that we sell or with which our products compete, may have
         an adverse effect on our business or on our results of operations.
         If our food products become adulterated, misbranded or mislabeled , we might need to recall those items and
         may experience regulatory enforcement and product liability if consumers are injured or damaged as a result.
         Selling food products involves a number of legal, regulatory and other risks, including product contamination, food
         borne illnesses, spoilage, product tampering, allergens, or other adulteration, which could result in product liability
         claims. We may need to recall some of our products if they become adulterated or misbranded. We may also be liable
         if the consumption of any of our products causes injury, illness or death. A widespread product recall or market
         withdrawal could result in significant losses due to their costs, the destruction of product inventory, and lost sales due to
         the unavailability of product for a period of time. We could also suffer losses from a significant product liability or
         consumer fraud judgment against us. In addition, we could be the target of claims that our advertising is false or
         deceptive under U.S. federal and state laws as well as foreign laws, including consumer protection statutes of some
         states. Allegations of consumer fraud may result in fines, settlements and litigation expenses. A significant product
         recall, product liability or consumer fraud case could also result in adverse publicity, damage to our reputation, and a
         loss of consumer confidence in our food products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business results
         and the value of our brands. Moreover, even if a product liability or consumer fraud claim is meritless, does not prevail
         or is not pursued, the negative publicity surrounding assertions against our company and our products or processes
         could adversely affect our reputation or brands. We could also be adversely affected if consumers lose confidence in
         the safety and quality of certain food products or ingredients, or the food safety system generally. If another company
         recalls or experiences negative publicity related to a product in a category in which we compete, consumers might
         reduce their overall consumption of products in this category. Adverse publicity about these types of concerns, whether
         or not valid, may discourage consumers from buying our products or cause production and delivery disruptions.
         Evolving tax, advertising, environmental, licensing, labeling, trade, food quality and safety or other regulations
         or failure to comply with existing regulations and laws could have a material adverse effect on our
         consolidated financial condition. Our activities and products, including our operation of our manufacturing facilities,
         both in and outside of the United States, are subject to regulation by various federal, state, provincial and local laws,
         regulations and government agencies, including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, U.S. Federal Trade
         Commission, the U.S. Departments of Agriculture, Commerce and Labor, as well as similar and other authorities
         outside of the United States, International Accords and Treaties and others, including voluntary regulation by other
         bodies. Legal and regulatory systems can change quickly. In addition, legal and regulatory systems in emerging and
         developing markets may be less developed, and less certain. These laws and regulations and interpretations thereof
         may change, sometimes dramatically, as a result of a variety of factors, including political, economic, regulatory or
         social events. In addition, the enforcement of remedies in certain foreign jurisdictions may be less certain, resulting in
         varying abilities to enforce intellectual property and contractual rights.
         The manufacturing, marketing and distribution of food products are subject to governmental regulations that impose
         additional regulatory requirements. Those regulations control such matters as food quality and safety (including the



38 sur 189                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         condition and operation of our manufacturing facilities where food is processed), ingredients, advertising, product or
         production requirements, labeling, sustainability of packaging (including plastics), import or export of our products or
         ingredients, relations with distributors and retailers, health and safety, the environment, and restrictions on the use of
         government programs, such as Supplemental Nutritional Assistance Program and the Special Supplemental Nutrition
         Program for Women, Infants and Children, to purchase certain of our products.



                                                                     21




39 sur 189                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         The marketing of food products has come under increased regulatory scrutiny in recent years, and the food industry
         has been subject to an increasing number of proceedings and claims relating to alleged false or deceptive labeling and
         marketing under federal, state and foreign laws or regulations. We are also regulated with respect to matters such as
         licensing requirements, trade and pricing practices, tax, anti-corruption standards, advertising and claims, and
         environmental matters. The need to comply with new, evolving or revised tax, environmental, food quality and safety,
         labeling or other laws or regulations, or new, evolving or changed interpretations or enforcement of existing laws or
         regulations, may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Governmental and
         administrative bodies within the U.S. are considering a variety of trade and other regulatory reforms. Changes in legal
         or regulatory requirements (such as new food safety requirements and revised nutrition facts labeling, including front of
         pack labeling, and serving size regulations), or evolving interpretations of existing legal or regulatory requirements, may
         result in increased compliance costs, capital expenditures and other financial obligations that could adversely affect our
         business or financial results. If we are found to be out of compliance with applicable laws and regulations in these
         areas, we could be subject to civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, termination of necessary licenses or permits,
         or recalls, as well as potential criminal sanctions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
         Even if regulatory review does not result in these types of determinations, it could potentially create negative publicity
         or perceptions which could harm our business or reputation.
         Modifications to international trade policy, including the ratification of the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement,
         changes in the European Union (such as Brexit), or the imposition of increased or new tariffs, quotas or trade barriers
         on key commodities with other countries could have a negative impact on us or the industries we serve, including as a
         result of related uncertainty, and could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of
         operations and cash flows. Higher duties on existing tariffs or additional tariffs imposed by the United States on a
         broader range of imports, or further retaliatory trade measures taken by China or other countries in response, could
         result in an increase in supply chain costs that we are not able to offset.
         Our operations in certain emerging markets expose us to political, economic and regulatory risks. Our growth
         strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations in emerging markets. However, some emerging
         markets have greater political, economic and currency volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor
         disruptions than more established markets. In many countries outside of the United States, particularly those with
         emerging economies, it may be common for others to engage in business practices prohibited by laws and regulations
         with extraterritorial reach, such as the FCPA and the UKBA, or local anti-bribery laws. These laws generally prohibit
         companies and their employees, contractors or agents from making improper payments to government officials,
         including in connection with obtaining permits or engaging in other actions necessary to do business. Failure to comply
         with these laws could subject us to civil and criminal penalties that could materially and adversely affect our reputation,
         financial condition and results of operations. In addition, competition in emerging markets is increasing as our
         competitors grow their global operations and low cost local manufacturers expand and improve their production
         capacities. Our success in emerging markets is critical to our growth strategy. If we cannot successfully increase our
         business in emerging markets and manage associated political, economic and regulatory risks, our product sales,
         financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
         Our operations in certain emerging markets expose us to political, economic and regulatory risks. Our growth
         strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations in emerging markets. However, some emerging
         markets have greater political, economic and currency volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor
         disruptions than more established markets. In many countries outside of the United States, particularly those with
         emerging economies, it may be common for others to engage in business practices prohibited by laws and regulations
         with extraterritorial reach, such as the FCPA and the UKBA, or local anti-bribery laws. These laws generally prohibit
         companies and their employees, contractors or agents from making improper payments to government officials,
         including in connection with obtaining permits or engaging in other actions necessary to do business. Failure to comply
         with these laws could subject us to civil and criminal penalties that could materially and adversely affect our reputation,
         financial condition and results of operations. In addition, competition in emerging markets is increasing as our
         competitors grow their global operations and low cost local manufacturers expand and improve their production
         capacities. Our success in emerging markets is critical to our growth strategy. If we cannot successfully increase our
         business in emerging markets and manage associated political, economic and regulatory risks, our product sales,
         financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.



40 sur 189                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                           https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property and Technology
         Technology failures, cyber attacks, privacy breaches or data breaches could disrupt our operations or
         reputation and negatively impact our business. We increasingly rely on information technology systems and third-
         party service providers, including through the internet, to process, transmit, and store electronic information.



                                                                22




41 sur 189                                                                                                           4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         For example, our production and distribution facilities and inventory management utilize information technology to
         increase efficiencies and limit costs. Information technology systems are also integral to the reporting of our results of
         operations. Furthermore, a significant portion of the communications between, and storage of personal data of, our
         personnel, customers, consumers and suppliers depends on information technology. Our information technology
         systems, and the systems of the parties we communicate and collaborate with, may be vulnerable to a variety of
         interruptions, as a result of many of our employees working remotely, updating our enterprise platform or due to events
         beyond our or their control, including, but not limited to, network or hardware failures, malicious or disruptive software,
         unintentional or malicious actions of employees or contractors, cyberattacks by common hackers, criminal groups or
         nation-state organizations or social-activist (hacktivist) organizations, geopolitical events, natural disasters, a pandemic
         illness (such as COVID-19), failures or impairments of telecommunications networks, or other catastrophic events.
         Moreover, our computer systems have been, and will likely continue to be subjected to computer viruses, malware,
         ransomware or other malicious codes, social engineering attacks, unauthorized access attempts, password theft,
         physical breaches, employee or inside error, malfeasance and cyber- or phishing-attacks. Cyber threats are constantly
         evolving, are becoming more sophisticated and are being made by groups and individuals with a wide range of
         expertise and motives, and this increases the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. These
         events could compromise our confidential information, impede or interrupt our business operations, and may result in
         other negative consequences, including remediation costs, loss of revenue, litigation and reputational damage.
         Furthermore, if a breach or other breakdown results in disclosure of confidential or personal information, we may suffer
         reputational, competitive and/or business harm. To date, we have not experienced a material breach of cyber security.
         While we have implemented physical, administrative, and technical controls and taken other preventive actions, such
         as the maintenance of an information security program that includes updating our technology and security policies,
         insurance, employee training, and monitoring and routinely testing our information technology systems to reduce the
         risk of cyber incidents and protect our information technology; however, these measures may be insufficient to prevent
         physical and electronic break-ins, cyber-attacks or other security breaches to our computer systems.
         The Company offers promotions, rebates, customer loyalty and other programs through which it may receive personal
         information, and it or its vendors could experience cyber-attacks, privacy breaches, data breaches or other incidents
         that result in unauthorized disclosure of consumer, customer, employee or Company information. The Company must
         also successfully integrate the technology systems of acquired companies into the Company’s existing and future
         technology systems. In addition, we must comply with increasingly complex and rigorous regulatory standards enacted
         to protect business and personal information in the United States and other jurisdictions regarding privacy, data
         protection, and data security, including those related to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and
         security of personal information. There continues to be significant uncertainty with respect to compliance with such
         privacy and data protection laws and regulations, including with respect to the European Union General Data
         Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) and the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the “CCPA”), which went into
         effect on January 1, 2020 (each of which imposes additional obligations on companies regarding the handling of
         personal information and provides certain individual privacy rights to persons whose information is collected , because
         they are continuously evolving and developing and may be interpreted and applied differently from jurisdiction to
         jurisdiction and may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements. In addition, regulations to implement portions of the
         CCPA have not been finalized and could significantly impact CCPA compliance measures. For example, the California
         Privacy Rights Act (the “CPRA”), which was approved by California voters as a ballot initiative in November 2020,
         modifies the CCPA significantly and the resulting new regulations became effective on January 1, 2023. Several other
         states have introduced or passed similar legislation to the CCPA and CPRA, which may impose varying standards and
         requirements on our data collection, use and processing activities. Our efforts to comply with privacy and data
         protection laws, including the GDPR, CCPA and CPRA, may impose significant costs and challenges that are likely to
         increase over time.
         If the Company suffers a loss as a result of a breach or other breakdown in its technology, including such cyber-attacks,
         privacy breaches, data breaches, issues with or errors in system maintenance or security, migration of applications to
         the cloud, power outages, hardware or software failures, denial of service, telecommunication or other incident
         involving one of the Company's vendors, that result in unauthorized disclosure or significant unavailability of business,
         financial, personal or stakeholder information, the Company may suffer reputational, competitive and/or business harm
         and may be exposed to legal liability and government investigations, which may adversely affect the Company's results



42 sur 189                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         of operations and/or financial condition. The misuse, leakage or falsification of information could result in violations of
         data privacy laws and the Company may become subject to legal action and increased regulatory oversight. The
         Company could also be required to spend significant financial and other resources to remedy the damage caused by a
         security breach or to repair or replace networks and information



                                                                     23




43 sur 189                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         systems. In addition, if the Company's suppliers or customers experience such a breach or unauthorized disclosure or
         system failure, their businesses could be disrupted or otherwise negatively affected, which may result in a disruption in
         the Company's supply chain or reduced customer orders, which would adversely affect the Company's business
         operations. We have also outsourced several information technology support services and administrative functions to
         third-party service providers, including cloud-based service providers, and may outsource other functions in the future
         to achieve cost savings and efficiencies. If these service providers do not perform effectively due to breach or system
         failure, we may not be able to achieve the expected benefits and our business may be disrupted.
         Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our
         products and brands. Our intellectual property rights are a significant and valuable aspect of our business and include
         trademarks, patents, trade secrets, and copyrights owned or licensed under certain licensing agreements. We attempt
         to protect these intellectual property rights using the appropriate laws and agreements including licenses, development
         agreements, nondisclosure agreements, and assignments. We also police third party misuses of our intellectual
         property in traditional retail and digital environments. Our failure to obtain or adequately protect our intellectual property
         rights may diminish our competitiveness and could materially harm our business. Similarly, changes in applicable laws
         or other changes that serve to lessen or remove the current legal protections of our intellectual property, may also
         diminish our competitiveness and could materially harm our business. We may be unaware of intellectual property
         rights of others that may cover some of our technology, brands or products or operations. In addition, if, in the course of
         developing new products or improving the quality of existing products, we are found to have infringed the intellectual
         property rights of others, directly or indirectly, such finding could have an adverse impact on our business, financial
         condition or results of operations and may limit our ability to introduce new products or improve the quality of existing
         products. Any litigation regarding intellectual property rights could be costly and time-consuming and could divert the
         attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. Third party claims of intellectual
         property infringement might also require us to enter into costly license agreements. We also may be subject to
         significant damages or injunctions against development and sale of certain products.
         General Risk Factors
         We are subject to risks generally associated with companies that operate globally. We are a global company and
         generated almost half of our net sales for both 2022 and 2021 outside the United States. We manufacture our products
         in 21 countries and have operations in more than 180 countries, so we are subject to risks inherent in multinational
         operations. Those risks include (i) compliance with U.S. laws affecting operations outside of the United States, such as
         OFAC trade sanction regulations and Anti-Boycott regulations, (ii) compliance with anti-corruption laws, including the
         FCPA and UK Bribery Act (the “UKBA”), (iii) compliance with antitrust and competition laws, data privacy laws, and a
         variety of other local, national and multi-national regulations and laws in multiple regimes, (iv) changes in tax laws,
         interpretation of tax laws and tax audit outcomes, (v) fluctuations or devaluations in currency values, especially in
         emerging markets, (vi) changes in capital controls, including currency exchange controls, government currency policies
         or other limits on our ability to import raw materials or finished product or repatriate cash from outside the United
         States, (vii) changes in local regulations and laws, the lack of well-established, reliable and/or impartial legal systems in
         certain countries in which we operate and the uncertainty of enforcement of remedies in such jurisdictions, and foreign
         ownership restrictions and the potential for nationalization or expropriation of property or other resources, (viii) laws
         relating to information security, privacy (including the GDPR), cashless payments, and consumer protection, (ix)
         uncertainty relating to Brexit and its impact on the local and international markets, the flow of goods and materials
         across borders, and political environments, (x) discriminatory or conflicting fiscal policies, (xi) challenges associated
         with cross-border product distribution, (xii) increased sovereign risk, such as default by or deterioration in the
         economies and credit worthiness of local governments, (xiii) varying abilities to enforce intellectual property,
         contractual, and other legal rights, (xiv) greater risk of uncollectible accounts and longer collection cycles, (xv) loss of
         ability to manage our operations in certain markets which could result in the deconsolidation of such businesses, (xvi)
         design and implementation of effective control environment processes across our diverse operations and employee
         base, (xvii) imposition of more or new tariffs, quotas, trade barriers, price controls, and similar restrictions in the
         countries in which we or our suppliers or manufacturers operate or regulations, taxes or policies that might negatively
         affect our sales, and (xviii) changes in trade policies and trade relations.
         In addition, political and economic changes or volatility, geopolitical regional conflicts, terrorist activity, political unrest
         and government shutdowns, civil strife, acts of war, public corruption, expropriation and other economic or political or


44 sur 189                                                                                                                        4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         social uncertainties could interrupt and negatively affect our business operations or customer demand. The slowdown
         in economic growth or high unemployment in some emerging markets could constrain consumer spending, and
         declining consumer purchasing power could adversely impact our profitability. Continued instability in



                                                                  24




45 sur 189                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         the banking and governmental sectors of certain countries in the European Union or the dynamics associated with the
         federal and state debt and budget challenges in the United States could adversely affect us. All of these factors could
         result in increased costs or decreased revenues, and could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial
         condition and results of operations. There may be uncertainty as a result of key global events during 2022 that are
         expected to continue throughout 2023. For example, rising interest rates and inflation, recessionary pressures,
         geopolitical uncertainty, including wars (such as the conflict in Ukraine), fiscal and monetary policy uncertainty, the
         continuing uncertainty related to the COVID-19 pandemic, international trade disputes, as well as ongoing terrorist
         activity, may adversely impact global stock markets (including The New York Stock Exchange on which our common
         shares are traded) and general global economic conditions. All of these factors are outside of our control but may
         nonetheless cause us to adjust our strategy in order to compete effectively in global markets.
         Our performance is affected by general economic, political and social conditions and taxation policies.
         Customer and consumer demand for our products may be impacted by the negative impacts caused by pandemics and
         public health crises (including the COVID-19 pandemic), recession, financial and credit market disruptions, government
         shutdowns or other economic downturns in the United States or other nations. Our results in the past have been, and in
         the future may continue to be, materially affected by changes in general economic, political and social conditions in the
         United States and other countries, including the interest rate environment in which we conduct business, the financial
         markets through which we access capital and currency, trade policy, political and social unrest and terrorist acts in the
         United States or other countries in which we carry on business.
         Deteriorating economic conditions in our major markets, such as inflation, economic slowdowns or recessions,
         increased unemployment, decreases in disposable income, declines in consumer confidence, including as a result of
         COVID-19, could result in reductions in sales of our products, reduced acceptance of innovations, and increased price
         competition. Such deterioration in any of the countries in which we do business could also cause slower collections on
         accounts receivable which may adversely impact our liquidity and financial condition. In addition, significant COVID-19
         related changes in the political conditions in markets in which we manufacture, sell or distribute our products (including
         quarantines, import/export restrictions, price controls, governmental or regulatory actions, closures, or other restrictions
         that limit or close our operating and manufacturing facilities, restrict our employees’ ability to travel or perform
         necessary business functions or otherwise prevent our third-party suppliers or customers from sufficiently staffing
         operations, including operations necessary for the production, distribution, sale, and support of our products) could
         adversely impact our operations and results.
         Financial institutions may be negatively impacted by economic conditions, including rising inflation and interest rates,
         and may consolidate or cease to do business which could result in a tightening in the credit markets, a low level of
         liquidity in many financial markets, and increased volatility in fixed income, credit, currency and equity markets.
         Adverse macroeconomic conditions have increased volatility and pricing in the capital markets and as a result, we may
         not have access to preferred sources of liquidity when needed or on terms we find acceptable, causing our borrowing
         costs could increase. An economic or credit crisis could impair credit availability and our ability to raise capital when
         needed. A disruption in the financial markets may have a negative effect on our derivative counterparties and could
         impair our banking or other business partners, on whom we rely for access to capital and as counterparties to our
         derivative contracts. Any of these events would likely harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
         Our operations face significant foreign currency exchange rate exposure and currency restrictions which
         could negatively impact our operating results. We hold assets and incur liabilities, earn revenue and pay expenses
         in a variety of currencies other than the U.S. dollar, including the euro, British pound, Australian dollar, Canadian dollar,
         Mexican peso, Brazilian real, Nigerian naira, and Russian ruble. Because our consolidated financial statements are
         presented in U.S. dollars, we must translate our assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses into U.S. dollars at then-
         applicable exchange rates and face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. For example,
         as a result of the United Kingdom’s termination of membership in the European Union under new trade and cross
         border operating agreements, there could be significant volatility in currency exchange rate fluctuations. Consequently,
         changes in the value of the U.S. dollar may unpredictably and negatively affect the value of these items in our
         consolidated financial statements, even if their value has not changed in their original currency.
         Geopolitical and international regulatory events, uncertainty or other factors may have a negative effect on
         global economic conditions, financial markets and our business. Global political uncertainties, disruptions or



46 sur 189                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         major regulatory or policy changes, and/or the enforcement thereof may affect our business, financial performance,
         operations or products, including the ongoing impact of the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union, commonly
         referred to as “Brexit.” While Brexit became official as of January 31, 2020 (and the transition period expired on
         December 31, 2020), uncertainty remains regarding the consequences of Brexit and its application. The



                                                                 25




47 sur 189                                                                                                            4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         UK and EU continue to discuss some elements of the post-Brexit trade agreement (TCA), which came into effect on
         January 1, 2021, in particular elements relating to the Northern Ireland Protocol and the impact that has on trading
         borders between the EU and UK. The main trade provisions in the TCA include the continuation of no tariffs or quotas
         on trade between the UK and EU subject to prescribed trade terms, including but not limited to meeting product and
         labeling standards for both the UK and EU. Cross-border trade between the UK and EU is also subject to new customs
         regulations, documentation and reviews. In addition, as the EU and U.K. amend legislation and regulation post-Brexit,
         there is a risk of increased divergence between the EU and U.K. regulatory regimes. Kellogg has worked diligently to
         minimize the impact of Brexit on the business, however, to comply with the new requirements, we have had to increase
         resources in customer service and logistics, in our factories, and on our customs support teams. We have adapted our
         processes and systems for the new and increased number of customs transactions. While trading through Brexit has
         become normal course of business, we continue to closely monitor and manage our inventory levels of imported raw
         materials, packaging and finished goods in the UK. We have made investments in resources, systems and processes
         to meet the new ongoing requirements and we work to mitigate disruptions to our local supply chain and distribution to
         reduce the impact on our input and distribution costs. We also continue to monitor for divergence in regulatory rules
         which could impact our supply chain operations. Despite our efforts to control costs, we have continued to see
         inflationary cost pressures rise in our UK business this year, as we have also experienced in other markets. If the UK’s
         exit from, or new trade arrangements with, the EU negatively impact the UK economy or result in disagreements on
         trade terms then the impact to our operations, financial condition and cash flows could be material.
         Potential liabilities and costs from litigation could adversely affect our business. There is no guarantee that we
         will be successful in defending our self in civil, criminal or regulatory actions (inclusive of class action lawsuits and
         foreign litigation), including under general, commercial, employment, environmental, data privacy or security,
         intellectual property, food quality and safety, anti-trust and trade, advertising and claims, and environmental laws and
         regulations, or in asserting our rights under various laws. For example, our marketing or claims could face allegations
         of false or deceptive advertising or other criticisms which could end up in litigation and result in potential liabilities or
         costs. Furthermore, actions we have taken or may take, or decisions we have made or may make, as a consequence
         of the COVID-19 pandemic, may result in investigations, legal claims or litigation against us. As a result, we could incur
         substantial costs and fees in defending our self or in asserting our rights in these actions or meeting new legal
         requirements. The costs and other effects of potential and pending litigation and administrative actions against us, and
         new legal requirements, cannot be determined with certainty and may differ from expectations. In addition, we may be
         impacted by litigation trends, including class action lawsuits involving consumers, employees, and shareholders, which
         could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, the market price of our common stock, results of operations and
         financial condition.



         ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

         None.

         ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

         Our corporate headquarters and principal research and development facilities are located in Battle Creek, Michigan.
         We operated, as of February 21, 2023, offices, manufacturing plants and distribution and warehousing facilities totaling
         more than 36.5 million square feet of building area in the United States and other countries. Our plants have been
         designed and constructed to meet our specific production requirements, and we periodically invest money for capital
         and technological improvements. At the time of its selection, each location was considered to be favorable, based on
         the location of markets, sources of raw materials, availability of suitable labor, transportation facilities, location of our
         other plants producing similar products, and other factors. Our manufacturing facilities in the United States are located
         in Battle Creek, Michigan; Lancaster, Pennsylvania; Memphis, Tennessee; Omaha, Nebraska; San Jose, California;
         Rome, Georgia; Kansas City, Kansas; Pikeville, Kentucky; Grand Rapids and Wyoming, Michigan; Blue Anchor, New
         Jersey; Cary, North Carolina; Cincinnati and Zanesville, Ohio; Muncy, Pennsylvania; and Jackson and Rossville,
         Tennessee.

         Outside the United States, we had, as of February 21, 2023, additional manufacturing locations, some with



48 sur 189                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         warehousing facilities, in Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Colombia, Ecuador, Egypt, Ghana, Great Britain, India,
         Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, Nigeria, Poland, Russia, South Africa, South Korea, Spain, Thailand, and Turkey.

         We generally own our principal properties, including our corporate headquarters, principal research and development
         center and manufacturing facilities in the United States, and no owned property is subject to any major lien or other
         encumbrance. Distribution facilities (including related warehousing facilities) and offices of non-plant



                                                                    26




49 sur 189                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         locations typically are leased. In general, we consider our facilities, taken as a whole, to be suitable, adequate, and of
         sufficient capacity for our current operations.


         ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

         We are subject to various legal proceedings, claims, and governmental inspections, audits or investigations arising out
         of our business which cover matters such as general commercial, governmental regulations, antitrust and trade
         regulations, product liability, environmental, intellectual property, employment and other actions. In the opinion of
         management, the ultimate resolution of these matters is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial
         position or results of operations.

         ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE

         Not applicable.




                                                                     27




50 sur 189                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         PART II
         ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND
         ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

         The principal market for trading Kellogg shares (Ticker symbol: K) is the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). At
         December 31, 2022 there were approximately 26,176 shareholders of record.

         In February 2020, the Board of Directors approved an authorization to repurchase up to $1.5 billion of our common
         stock expiring in December 2022. In December 2022, the Board of Directors approved a new authorization to
         repurchase up to $1.5 billion of our common stock through December 2025. These authorizations were intended to
         allow us to repurchase shares for general corporate purposes and to offset issuances for employee benefit programs.

         The following table provides information with respect to purchases of common shares under programs authorized by
         our Board of Directors during the quarter ended December 31, 2022.


             (millions, except per share data)
                                                                                                                        (d)
                                                                                                  (c)              Approximate
                                                                                                 Total                Dollar
                                                                                               Number                Value of
                                                                                              of Shares               Shares
                                                          (a)                                Purchased               that May
                                                        Total                 (b)             as Part of              Yet Be
                                                       Number              Average             Publicly             Purchased
                                                          of                Price            Announced              Under the
                                                       Shares              Paid Per            Plans or              Plans or
             Period                                   Purchased             Share             Programs              Programs
             Month #1:
             9/25/22-10/22/22                                     —    $              —                    —   $             960
             Month #2:
             10/23/22-11/19/22                                    —    $              —                    —   $             960
             Month #3:
             11/20/22-12/31/22                                    —    $              —                    —   $            1,500



         ITEM 6. INTENTIONALLY OMITTED




                                                                  28




51 sur 189                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
         OPERATIONS

         Kellogg Company and Subsidiaries

         RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

         Business overview
         The following Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A) is
         intended to help the reader understand Kellogg Company, our operations and our present business environment.
         MD&A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our Consolidated Financial Statements
         and the accompanying notes thereto contained in Item 8 of this Report, as well as Part II, 'Item 7. Management's
         Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of our Form 10-K for the year ended
         December 31, 2022, which provides additional information on comparisons of years 2021 and 2020.

         For more than 115 years, consumers have counted on Kellogg for great-tasting, high-quality and nutritious foods.
         These foods include snacks, such as crackers, savory snacks, toaster pastries, cereal bars and bites; and convenience
         foods, such as ready-to-eat cereals, frozen waffles, veggie foods and noodles. Kellogg products are manufactured and
         marketed globally. Our MD&A references consumption and net sales in discussing our sales trends for certain
         categories and brands. We record net sales upon delivery of shipments to our customers. Consumption and share data
         noted within is based on Nielsen x-AOC or other comparable source, for the applicable period. Consumption refers to
         consumer purchases of our products from our customers. Unless otherwise noted, consumption and shipment trends
         are materially consistent.

         Proposed separation transaction
         On June 21, 2022, the Company announced its intent to separate its North American cereal and plant-based foods
         businesses, via tax-free spin-offs, with a target to complete the transactions by the end of 2023, resulting in three
         independent public companies, each better positioned to unlock their full standalone potential. After exploring strategic
         options, the Company has decided to retain its plant-based business. The proposed separation of the North American
         cereal business is expected to create greater strategic, operational, and financial focus for the company and its
         stakeholders, and will build on our current momentum.

         War in Ukraine
         The war in Ukraine and the related sanctions imposed have increased global economic and geopolitical uncertainty. In
         March 2022, we suspended all new investments and shipments of all products to Russia. We have no employees or
         direct operations in Ukraine. Our business in Russia consists of three manufacturing facilities and represented
         approximately 1% of consolidated net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022.

         In December 2022 the Company entered into an agreement to sell our Russian business to a third party, pending a
         number of local government regulatory approvals. The business is a part of our Europe reportable segment. The
         pending sale includes the entirety of the Company’s operations in Russia and will result in a complete exit from the
         market. Although the Company has entered into a definitive agreement to sell its Russian business, there is no
         assurance that we will obtain the necessary regulatory approvals or that the other conditions to complete the sale will
         be satisfied.

         At the end of 2022 the pending sale did not meet the criteria for held for sale accounting due to uncertainty related to
         the evolving regulatory approvals that are required in order to complete the transaction. If approved, the Company
         expects to incur a loss on the transaction due to the release of historical foreign currency translation adjustments
         (CTA). The net book value of the assets related to the Russian business, including historical CTA losses, represents
         less than 1% of total Company assets as of December 31, 2022.

         Impacts of the war to our net sales, earnings, and cash flows extends beyond our business in Russia. Regional or
         global economic recessions, inflation, and supply chain challenges as a result of the war or further escalation could
         have a material impact on our results.



52 sur 189                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         COVID-19
         Since the World Health Organization categorized the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) as a pandemic in March 2020, our
         key objectives continue to be 1) protecting the health and safety of our employees, 2) safely producing and delivering
         our foods to customers and consumers, and 3) supporting the communities in which we operate.

         The Company continues to actively monitor COVID-19 and will adjust our mitigation strategies as necessary to address
         any changing health, operational or financial risks that may arise. During the first year of the pandemic, the



                                                                   29




53 sur 189                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Company experienced a significant increase in demand for food for at-home consumption. While this demand has
         moderated for certain products, we will continue to manage our production capacity during this period of volatility. We
         continue to monitor the business for adverse impacts of the pandemic, including volatility in the foreign exchange
         markets, reduced demand in our away from home businesses, supply-chain disruptions in certain markets, increased
         costs of maintaining food supply, and potential disruptions for certain emerging market countries. In the event the
         Company experiences adverse impacts from the above or other factors, the Company would also evaluate the need to
         perform interim impairment tests of the Company’s goodwill, indefinite lived intangible assets, investments in
         unconsolidated affiliates and property, plant and equipment. There can be no assurance that volatility and/or disruption
         in the global capital and credit markets will not impair our ability to access these markets on terms acceptable to us, or
         at all.

         Inflationary pressures
         Events such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and the war in Ukraine have resulted in certain impacts to the global
         economy, including market disruptions, supply chain challenges, and inflationary pressures. During the year ended
         December 31, 2022 we continued to experience elevated commodity and supply chain costs, including logistics,
         procurement, and manufacturing costs. We expect these market disruptions and inflationary pressures to persist into
         2023.

         Segments
         We manage our operations through four operating segments that are based on geographic location – North America
         which includes the U.S. businesses and Canada; Europe which consists principally of European countries; Latin
         America which consists of Central and South America and includes Mexico; and AMEA (Asia Middle East Africa) which
         consists of Africa, Middle East, Australia and other Asian and Pacific markets. These operating segments also
         represent our reportable segments


         Non-GAAP Financial Measures
         This filing includes non-GAAP financial measures that we provide to management and investors that exclude certain
         items that we do not consider part of on-going operations. Items excluded from our non-GAAP financial measures are
         discussed in the "Significant items impacting comparability" section of this filing. Our management team consistently
         utilizes a combination of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate business results, to make decisions
         regarding the future direction of our business, and for resource allocation decisions, including incentive compensation.
         As a result, we believe the presentation of both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures provides investors with
         increased transparency into financial measures used by our management team and improves investors’ understanding
         of our underlying operating performance and in their analysis of ongoing operating trends. All historic non-GAAP
         financial measures have been reconciled with the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures.

         Non-GAAP Financial Measures
         Non-GAAP financial measures used for evaluation of performance include currency-neutral and organic net sales,
         adjusted and currency-neutral adjusted operating profit, adjusted and currency-neutral adjusted diluted earnings per
         share (EPS), adjusted and currency-neutral adjusted gross profit, adjusted and currency neutral adjusted gross margin,
         net debt and cash flow. We determine currency-neutral results by dividing or multiplying, as appropriate, the current-
         period local currency operating results by the currency exchange rates used to translate our financial statements in the
         comparable prior-year period to determine what the current period U.S. dollar operating results would have been if the
         currency exchange rate had not changed from the comparable prior-year period. These non-GAAP financial measures
         may not be comparable to similar measures used by other companies.

             •   Currency-neutral net sales and organic net sales: We adjust the GAAP financial measure to exclude the impact
                 of foreign currency, resulting in currency-neutral net sales. In addition, we exclude the impact of acquisitions,
                 divestitures, foreign currency, and differences in shipping days including 53rd week, resulting in organic net
                 sales. We excluded the items which we believe may obscure trends in our underlying net sales performance.
                 By providing these non-GAAP net sales measures, management intends to provide investors with a
                 meaningful, consistent comparison of net sales performance for the Company and each of our reportable


54 sur 189                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


             segments for the periods presented. Management uses these non-GAAP measures to evaluate the
             effectiveness of initiatives behind net sales growth, pricing realization, and the impact of mix on our business
             results. These non-GAAP measures are also used to make decisions regarding the future direction of our
             business, and for resource allocation decisions.




                                                                 30




55 sur 189                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




             •   Adjusted: gross profit, gross margin, operating profit and diluted EPS: We adjust the GAAP financial measures
                 to exclude the effect of restructuring programs, costs of the proposed separation transactions, mark-to-market
                 adjustments for pension and postretirement plans (service cost, interest cost, expected return on plan assets,
                 and other net periodic pension costs are not excluded), commodity contracts, certain equity investments and
                 certain foreign currency contracts, multi-employer pension plan withdrawal liabilities, a gain on interest rate
                 swaps, and other costs impacting comparability resulting in adjusted. We excluded the items which we believe
                 may obscure trends in our underlying profitability. By providing these non-GAAP profitability measures,
                 management intends to provide investors with a meaningful, consistent comparison of the Company's
                 profitability measures for the periods presented. Management uses these non-GAAP financial measures to
                 evaluate the effectiveness of initiatives intended to improve profitability, as well as to evaluate the impacts of
                 inflationary pressures and decisions to invest in new initiatives within each of our segments.

             •   Currency-neutral adjusted: gross profit, gross margin, operating profit, and diluted EPS: We adjust the GAAP
                 financial measures to exclude the effect of restructuring programs, costs of the proposed separation
                 transactions, mark-to-market adjustments for pension and postretirement plans (service cost, interest cost,
                 expected return on plan assets, and other net periodic pension costs are not excluded), commodity contracts,
                 certain equity investments and certain foreign currency contracts, multi-employer pension plan withdrawal
                 liabilities, a gain on interest rate swaps, and other costs impacting comparability, and foreign currency, resulting
                 in currency-neutral adjusted. We excluded the items which we believe may obscure trends in our underlying
                 profitability. By providing these non-GAAP profitability measures, management intends to provide investors with
                 a meaningful, consistent comparison of the Company's profitability measures for the periods presented.
                 Management uses these non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate the effectiveness of initiatives intended to
                 improve profitability, as well as to evaluate the impacts of inflationary pressures and decisions to invest in new
                 initiatives within each of our segments.

             •   Adjusted effective income tax rate: We adjust the GAAP financial measures to exclude the effect of
                 restructuring programs, costs of the proposed separation transactions, mark-to-market adjustments for pension
                 and postretirement plans (service cost, interest cost, expected return on plan assets, and other net periodic
                 pension costs are not excluded), commodity contracts, certain equity investments, and certain foreign currency
                 contracts, a gain on interest rate swaps, and other costs impacting comparability. We excluded the items which
                 we believe may obscure trends in our pre-tax income and the related tax effect of those items on our adjusted
                 effective income tax rate, and other impacts to tax expense, including tax reform in the UK and U.S. and certain
                 foreign valuation allowances. By providing this non-GAAP measure, management intends to provide investors
                 with a meaningful, consistent comparison of the Company's effective tax rate, excluding the pre-tax income and
                 tax effect of the items noted above, for the periods presented. Management uses this non-GAAP measure to
                 monitor the effectiveness of initiatives in place to optimize our global tax rate.

             •   Net debt: Defined as the sum of long-term debt, current maturities of long-term debt and notes payable, less
                 cash and cash equivalents, and marketable securities. With respect to net debt, cash and cash equivalents,
                 and marketable securities are subtracted from the GAAP measure, total debt liabilities, because they could be
                 used to reduce the Company’s debt obligations. Company management and investors use this non-GAAP
                 measure to evaluate changes to the Company's capital structure and credit quality assessment.

             •   Cash flow: Defined as net cash provided by operating activities reduced by expenditures for property additions.
                 Cash flow does not represent the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures. We use this non-
                 GAAP financial measure of cash flow to focus management and investors on the amount of cash available for
                 debt repayment, dividend distributions, acquisition opportunities, and share repurchases once all of the
                 Company’s business needs and obligations are met. Additionally, certain performance-based compensation
                 includes a component of this non-GAAP measure.

         These measures have not been calculated in accordance with GAAP and should not be viewed as a substitute for
         GAAP reporting measures.                              31


56 sur 189                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




57 sur 189                                                   4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Significant items impacting comparability
         Mark-to-market
         We recognize mark-to-market adjustments for pension and postretirement benefit plans, commodity contracts, and
         certain foreign currency contracts as incurred. Actuarial gains/losses for pension plans were recognized in the year
         they occur. Mark-to-market gains/losses for certain equity investments are recorded based on observable price
         changes. Changes between contract and market prices for commodities contracts and certain foreign currency
         contracts result in gains/losses that were recognized in the quarter they occur. We recorded a total pre-tax mark-to-
         market charge of $574 million for 2022, a total pre-tax market-to-market gain of $166 million for 2021 and a total pre-tax
         mark-to-market charge of $162 million for 2020. Included within the aforementioned totals was a pre-tax mark-to-
         market charge for pension plans of $414 million for 2022, pre-tax mark-to-market gain for pension plans of $164 million
         for 2021, and a pre-tax mark-to-market charge for pension plans of $154 million for 2020.

         Separation costs
         The Company continues to work towards its planned separation of its North America cereal business. As a result, we
         incurred pre-tax charges related to the proposed separation, primarily related to legal and consulting costs, of $61
         million for 2022.

         Business and portfolio realignment
         One-time costs related to reorganizations in support of our Deploy for Growth priorities and a reshaped portfolio;
         investments in enhancing capabilities prioritized by our Deploy for Growth strategy; and completed and prospective
         divestitures and acquisitions. As a result, we incurred pre-tax charges, primarily related to reorganizations of $21 million
         in 2022, $36 million in 2021 and $38 million in 2020.

         Gain related to interest rate swaps
         During the third quarter of 2022, the Company recognized a pre-tax gain of $18 million in interest expense related to a
         portion of certain forward-starting interest rate swaps no longer designated as cash flow hedges due to changes in
         forecasted debt issuance.

         Foreign valuation allowance
         During the third quarter of 2021, the Company determined that certain foreign deferred tax assets were no longer more
         likely than not to be realized in the future and a full valuation allowance of $20 million was recorded.

         UK tax rate change
         During the second quarter of 2021, the Company recorded tax expense of $23 million as a result of tax legislation
         enacted in the UK in June of 2021, which increased the statutory UK tax rate from 19 percent to 25 percent and
         required us to re-value our net UK deferred tax liability balance to reflect this higher rate.

         Multi-employer pension plan exit liability
         During the second quarter of 2020, the Company recorded a pre-tax gain of approximately $5 million related to the
         settlement of one multi-employer pension plan withdrawal liability from the prior year.

         Impact of shipping day differences including 53rd week
         During the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company had a difference in shipping days resulting from an additional week of
         business during the fiscal year. This impact increased reported net sales by $174 million for the year ended January 2,
         2021.

         Foreign currency translation
         We evaluate the operating results of our business on a currency-neutral basis. We determine currency-neutral
         operating results by dividing or multiplying, as appropriate, the current period local currency operating results by the
         currency exchange rates used to translate our financial statements in the comparable prior year period to determine



58 sur 189                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         what the current period U.S. dollar operating results would have been if the currency exchange rate had not changed
         from the comparable prior-year period. Organic net sales exclude the impact of acquisitions, including the foreign
         currency impact calculated by applying the prior year foreign currency rates to current period results.




                                                                  32




59 sur 189                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                                       https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Financial results
         For the full year ended December 31, 2022, our reported net sales increased 8.0% versus the prior year on positive
         price/mix across all regions partially offset by a modest decline in volume and foreign currency. Growth was led by
         Snacks across all four regions and consolidated net sales grew in cereal and noodles and other. Organic net sales
         increased 11.5% from the prior year after excluding the impact of foreign currency.

         Reported operating profit decreased 6.7% versus the prior year due primarily to unfavorable mark-to-market impacts,
         costs related to the Company's pending separation, and foreign currency, as well as economy-wide supply disruptions
         and input cost inflation that persisted throughout the year. Currency-neutral adjusted operating profit increased 7.0%,
         after excluding the impact of mark-to-market, separation costs, and foreign currency.

         Reported diluted EPS of $2.79 for the year decreased 35.6% compared to the prior year EPS of $4.33 due primarily to
         unfavorable mark-to-market and costs related to the Company's pending separation. Currency-neutral adjusted diluted
         EPS of $4.38 for the year increased 5.3% compared to prior year EPS of $4.16, after excluding the impact of significant
         items impacting comparability.

         Reconciliation of certain non-GAAP Financial Measures
             Consolidated results (dollars in millions, except per share data)                                                           2022                     2021
             Reported net income attributable to Kellogg Company                                                                $                 960     $               1,488
             Mark-to-market (pre-tax)                                                                                                            (574)                      166
             Separation costs (pre-tax)                                                                                                           (61)                       —
             Business and portfolio realignment (pre-tax)                                                                                         (21)                      (36)
             Gain related to interest rate swaps (pre-tax)                                                                                         18                        —
             Income tax impact applicable to adjustments, net*                                                                                    150                       (29)
             Foreign valuation allowance                                                                                                           —                        (20)
             UK tax rate change                                                                                                                    —                        (23)
             Adjusted net income attributable to Kellogg Company                                                                $               1,448     $               1,430
             Foreign currency impact                                                                                                              (56)
             Currency-neutral adjusted net income attributable to Kellogg Company                                                               1,504     $               1,430
             Reported diluted EPS                                                                                               $                2.79     $                4.33
             Mark-to-market (pre-tax)                                                                                                           (1.67)                     0.48
             Separation costs (pre-tax)                                                                                                         (0.18)                       —
             Business and portfolio realignment (pre-tax)                                                                                       (0.06)                    (0.10)
             Gain related to interest rate swaps (pre-tax)                                                                                       0.05                        —
             Income tax impact applicable to adjustments, net*                                                                                   0.44                     (0.08)
             Foreign valuation allowance                                                                                                           —                      (0.06)
             UK tax rate change                                                                                                                    —                      (0.07)
             Adjusted diluted EPS                                                                                               $                4.21     $                4.16
             Foreign currency impact                                                                                                            (0.17)
             Currency-neutral adjusted diluted EPS                                                                                               4.38   $                  4.16
             Currency-neutral adjusted diluted EPS growth                                                                                         5.3 %

         Note: Tables may not foot due to rounding.
         For more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the Significant items impacting comparability section.
         * Represents the estimated income tax effect on the reconciling items, using weighted-average statutory tax rates, depending upon the applicable jurisdiction.




                                                                                           33




60 sur 189                                                                                                                                                           4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                                     https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Net sales and operating profit

         2022 compared to 2021

         The following tables provide an analysis of net sales and operating profit performance for 2022 versus 2021:

             Year ended December 31, 2022
                                                                         North                              Latin                                             Kellogg
             (millions)                                                 America          Europe            America          AMEA           Corporate        Consolidated
             Reported net sales                                     $      8,958     $     2,310       $      1,123     $    2,933     $          (9)   $        15,315
              Foreign currency impact on total business (inc)/dec            (25)           (245)                 7           (228)               —                (491)
             Organic net sales                                      $      8,983     $     2,555       $      1,115     $    3,161     $          (9)   $        15,805


             Year ended January 1, 2022
                                                                                                            Latin                                             Kellogg
             (millions)                                             North America        Europe            America          AMEA           Corporate        Consolidated
             Reported net sales                                     $      8,174     $     2,397       $       997      $    2,613     $          —     $        14,181


             % change - 2022 vs. 2021:
             Reported growth                                                 9.6 %          (3.6) %            12.7 %         12.2 %              — %               8.0 %
              Foreign currency impact on total business (inc)/dec           (0.3)%         (10.2)%              0.8 %         (8.8)%              —%               (3.5)%
             Organic growth                                                  9.9 %           6.6 %             11.9 %         21.0 %              — %              11.5 %
               Volume (tonnage)                                             (1.1)%            (3.4)%           (5.3)%         (2.5)%              —%               (2.3)%
               Pricing/mix                                                  11.0 %            10.0 %           17.2 %         23.5 %              —%               13.8 %

         Note: Tables may not foot due to rounding.
         For more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the Significant items impacting comparability section.




                                                                                         34




61 sur 189                                                                                                                                                     4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                                 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




             Year ended December 31, 2022
                                                                                                        Latin                                               Kellogg
             (millions)                                       North America        Europe              America          AMEA           Corporate          Consolidated
             Reported operating profit                        $      1,356     $         329       $       124      $     252      $        (427)     $         1,635
              Mark-to-market                                            —                 —                 (2)            —                (156)                (158)
              Separation costs                                         (61)               —                 —              —                  —                   (61)
              Business and portfolio realignment                       (18)                1                —              —                  (4)                 (21)
             Adjusted operating profit                        $      1,435     $         328       $       126      $     252      $        (268)     $         1,874
              Foreign currency impact                                   (3)              (32)               (1)           (20)                —                   (56)
             Currency-neutral adjusted operating profit       $      1,438     $         360       $       127      $     273      $        (268)     $         1,931


             Year ended January 1, 2022
                                                                                                        Latin                                               Kellogg
             (millions)                                        North America       Europe              America          AMEA           Corporate          Consolidated
             Reported operating profit                        $      1,329     $         350       $       110      $     246      $        (282)     $         1,752
              Mark-to-market                                            —                 —                  1             —                 (18)                 (17)
              Business and portfolio realignment                       (23)                1                (4)            —                 (10)                 (36)
             Adjusted operating profit                        $      1,351     $         349       $       112      $     246      $        (254)     $         1,805


             % change - 2022 vs. 2021:
             Reported growth                                           2.1 %             (5.9) %           13.1 %          2.7 %           (51.6) %               (6.7) %
              Mark-to-market                                            —%                 —%              (3.2)%           —%             (48.8)%                (8.0)%
              Separation costs                                        (4.5)%               —%                —%             —%                —%                  (3.5)%
              Business and portfolio realignment                       0.4 %             (0.1)%             4.2 %          0.1 %             2.5 %                 0.9 %
             Adjusted growth                                           6.2 %             (5.8) %           12.1 %          2.6 %            (5.3) %                3.9 %
              Foreign currency impact                                 (0.2)%             (9.1)%            (1.1)%         (8.3)%              —%                  (3.1)%
             Currency-neutral adjusted growth                          6.4 %             3.3 %             13.2 %         10.9 %            (5.3) %               7.0 %

         Note: Tables may not foot due to rounding.
         For more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the Significant items impacting comparability section.


         North America
         Reported net sales for the year-to-date period increased 9.6% versus the prior year as a result of revenue growth
         management actions, sustained momentum in snacks, and recovering cereal sales. Organic net sales increased 9.9%
         after excluding the impact of foreign currency.

             Net sales % change - 2022 vs. 2021:
             North America                                Reported Net Sales                       Foreign Currency                      Organic Net Sales
             Snacks                                                            11.9 %                                   (0.2)%                                  12.1 %
             Cereal                                                            10.2 %                                   (0.5)%                                  10.7 %
             Frozen                                                            (1.1)%                                   (0.3)%                                  (0.8)%



         North America snacks net sales increased 11.9% supported by consumption dollar growth in each of our three major
         categories, crackers, salty snacks, and portable wholesome snacks.

         North America cereal net sales increased 10.2% due to a faster-than-expected recovery in shipments and share in our
         U.S. cereal business following the 2021 fire and strike.



                                                                                    35




62 sur 189                                                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         North America frozen foods net sales decreased 1.1% during the year due to current year supply constraints.

         North America operating profit increased 2.1% compared to the prior year as increased net sales more than offset high
         cost inflation and separation costs. Currency-neutral adjusted operating profit increased 6.4%, after excluding the
         impact of separation costs and business and portfolio realignment.

         Europe
         Reported net sales decreased 3.6% reflecting the impact of unfavorable foreign currency, despite favorable price/mix
         and continued growth in snacks. Organic net sales increased 6.6% after excluding the impact of foreign currency.

         Cereal net sales declined on a reported basis primarily due to unfavorable foreign currency.

         Snacks net sales growth was led by sustained momentum in Pringles, driven by innovation, effective advertising, and
         successful consumer promotions.

         Reported operating profit decreased 5.9% due primarily to unfavorable foreign currency and high cost inflation.
         Currency-neutral adjusted operating profit increased 3.3% after excluding the impact of foreign currency and charges
         related to business and portfolio realignment.

         Latin America
         Reported net sales increased 12.7% driven by strong price/mix growth and modestly favorable foreign currency
         translation, with growth in snacks and cereal. Organic net sales increased 11.9%, after excluding the impact of foreign
         currency.

         Snacks net sales growth was led by sustained consumption growth and share gains in key markets for salty snacks.

         Cereal net sales increased due to share gains in key markets, including Mexico, Puerto Rico and Brazil.

         Reported operating profit increased 13.1% due to higher net sales and favorable foreign currency translation partially
         offset by input cost inflation. Currency-neutral adjusted operating profit increased 13.2% after excluding the impact of
         mark-to-market and foreign currency.

         AMEA
         Reported net sales increased 12.2% driven by favorable price/mix partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency.
         Organic net sales also increased 21.0% after excluding foreign currency.

         Noodles and other net sales increased lead by strong growth from Multipro as well as our Kellogg's branded noodles
         business.

         Snacks net sales increased due primarily to strong growth in Pringles across the region.

         Cereal net sales declined on a reported basis due to unfavorable foreign currency.

         Reported operating profit increased 2.7% due primarily to higher net sales more than offsetting high cost inflation and
         unfavorable foreign currency. Currency-neutral adjusted operating profit increased 10.9%, after excluding the impact of
         foreign currency.

         Corporate
         Reported operating profit decreased significantly versus the prior year due primarily to unfavorable mark-to-market
         impacts. Currency-neutral adjusted operating profit decreased $14 million from the prior year after excluding the impact



63 sur 189                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                         https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         of mark-to-market.



                              36




64 sur 189                                                                         4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                                      https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Net sales and operating profit

         2021 compared to 2020

         The following tables provide an analysis of net sales and operating profit performance for 2021 versus 2020:

             Year ended January 1, 2022
                                                                         North                                Latin                                                Kellogg
             (millions)                                                 America           Europe             America          AMEA           Corporate           Consolidated
             Reported net sales                                     $     8,174       $        2,397     $       997      $    2,613     $          —        $        14,181
              Foreign currency impact on total business (inc)/dec            36                   93              15             (37)               —                    107
             Organic net sales                                      $     8,138       $        2,304     $       982      $    2,651     $          —        $        14,074


             Year ended January 2, 2021
                                                                                                              Latin                                                Kellogg
             (millions)                                             North America         Europe             America          AMEA           Corporate           Consolidated
             Reported net sales                                     $     8,361       $        2,232     $       914      $    2,263     $          —        $        13,770
              Impact of 53rd week                                           134                   22              —               18                —                    174
             Organic net sales                                      $     8,227       $        2,210     $       914      $    2,245     $          —        $        13,596


             % change - 2021 vs. 2020:
             Reported growth                                                (2.3) %              7.4 %            9.0 %         15.5 %              —    %               3.0 %
              Foreign currency impact on total business (inc)/dec            0.4 %               4.2 %            1.6 %         (1.6)%              —    %               0.8 %
             Currency-neutral growth                                        (2.7) %              3.2 %            7.4 %         17.1 %              —    %               2.2 %
              Impact of 53rd week                                           (1.6)%              (1.0)%             —%           (1.0)%              —    %              (1.3)%
             Organic growth                                                 (1.1) %              4.2 %            7.4 %         18.1 %              —    %               3.5 %
               Volume (tonnage)                                             (5.8)%               0.6 %            0.1 %          3.4 %              —%                  (1.8)%
               Pricing/mix                                                   4.7 %               3.6 %            7.3 %         14.7 %              —%                   5.3 %

         Note: Tables may not foot due to rounding.
         For more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the Significant items impacting comparability section.




                                                                                          37




65 sur 189                                                                                                                                                          4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                                 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




             Year ended January 1, 2022
                                                                                                       Latin                                                Kellogg
             (millions)                                       North America         Europe            America           AMEA            Corporate         Consolidated
             Reported operating profit                        $      1,329      $         350     $       110       $      246      $        (282)    $         1,752
              Mark-to-market                                            —                  —                1               —                 (18)                (17)
              Business and portfolio realignment                       (23)                 1              (4)              —                 (10)                (36)
             Adjusted operating profit                        $      1,351      $         349     $       112       $      246      $        (254)    $         1,805
              Foreign currency impact                                    5                 17               3                2                  2                  29
             Currency-neutral adjusted operating profit       $      1,347      $         332     $       109       $      244      $        (256)    $         1,776


             Year ended January 2, 2021
                                                                                                       Latin                                                Kellogg
             (millions)                                        North America        Europe            America           AMEA            Corporate         Consolidated
             Reported operating profit                        $      1,473      $         302     $        97       $      202      $        (312)    $         1,761
              Mark-to-market                                            —                  —               —                —                  (8)                 (8)
              Business and portfolio realignment                        (8)                (9)             (5)             (17)                (7)                (46)
              Multi-employer pension plan withdrawal                     5                 —               —                —                  —                    5
             Adjusted operating profit                        $      1,477      $         311     $       102       $      218      $        (297)    $         1,811


             % change - 2021 vs. 2020:
             Reported growth                                          (9.8) %          16.0 %             13.1 %           21.9 %             9.8 %               (0.5) %
              Mark-to-market                                            —%               —%                1.3 %             —%              (3.5)%               (0.5)%
              Business and portfolio realignment                      (1.0)%            3.8 %              1.1 %            9.2 %            (1.1)%                0.6 %
              Multi-employer pension plan withdrawal                  (0.3)%             —%                 —%               —%                —%                 (0.3)%
             Adjusted growth                                          (8.5) %          12.2 %             10.7 %           12.7 %            14.4 %               (0.3) %
              Foreign currency impact                                  0.3 %            5.4 %              3.2 %            0.8 %             0.6 %                1.6 %
             Currency-neutral adjusted growth                         (8.8) %             6.8 %            7.5 %           11.9 %            13.8 %               (1.9) %

         Note: Tables may not foot due to rounding.
         For more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the Significant items impacting comparability section.


         North America
         Reported net sales decreased 2.3% versus the prior year as positive price/mix was more than offset by the negative
         impact on volume of supply disruptions, including the fourth-quarter labor strike in our cereal plants and third-quarter
         fire at one of the facilities, as well as the impact of lapping the 53rd week. Organic net sales decreased 1.1% after
         excluding the impact of the 53rd week and foreign currency.

             Net sales % change - 2021 vs. 2020:
                                                                                    Currency-Neutral Net
             North America        Reported Net Sales      Foreign Currency                 Sales                   Impact of 53rd week         Organic Net Sales
             Snacks                              5.5 %                  0.3 %                       5.2 %                         (1.7)%                      6.9 %
             Cereal                            (14.4)%                  0.7 %                     (15.1)%                         (1.4)%                    (13.7)%
             Frozen                             (3.0)%                  0.3 %                      (3.3)%                         (1.4)%                     (1.9)%



         North America snacks net sales increased 5.5% led by consumption growth in each of our three major categories,
         crackers, salty snacks, and portable wholesome snacks.




                                                                                     38




66 sur 189                                                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                  https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         North America cereal net sales decreased 14% as it lapped strong prior year pandemic-related growth and
         experienced challenging supply conditions including a labor strike in our U.S. cereal plants and a fire at one of those
         facilities.

         North America frozen foods net sales decreased 3.0% during the year, as it lapped strong prior year pandemic-related
         growth and experienced current period supply constraints.

         North America operating profit decreased 9.8% compared to the prior year due to supply disruptions, including the
         fourth-quarter labor strike in our cereal plants and third-quarter fire at one of the facilities, as well as accelerated cost
         inflation. Currency-neutral adjusted operating profit decreased 8.8%, after excluding the impact of business and
         portfolio realignment.

         Europe
         Reported net sales increased 7.4% driven by both volume and price/mix, as well as favorable foreign currency
         translation. Organic net sales increased 4.2% after excluding the impact of the 53rd week and foreign currency.

         Cereal net sales declined due to lapping a pandemic-related surge in consumption growth during the prior year,
         partially offset by favorable foreign currency translation and notably strong share gains in the UK.

         Snacks net sales growth was led by sustained momentum in Pringles, driven by innovation, effective advertising, and
         successful consumer promotions.

         Reported operating profit increased 16% due primarily to higher net sales and favorable foreign currency translation
         partially offset by lapping unusually high operating leverage during the onset of the pandemic. Currency-neutral
         adjusted operating profit increased 6.8% after excluding the impact of foreign currency, and business and portfolio
         realignment.

         Latin America
         Reported net sales increased 9.0% driven by both volume and price/mix, and with broad-based growth across the
         region, led by snacks, and favorable foreign currency translation. Organic net sales increased 7.4%, after excluding the
         impact of foreign currency.

         Snacks net sales growth was led by sustained consumption growth and share gains in key markets for salty snacks
         and share gains in portable wholesome snacks.

         Cereal net sales increased due to share gains in key markets, including Mexico, Puerto Rico and Brazil, despite the
         lapping of a pandemic-related surge in consumption in the prior year.

         Reported operating profit increased 13% due to higher net sales and favorable foreign currency translation partially
         offset by input cost inflation. Currency-neutral adjusted operating profit increased 7.5% after excluding the impact of
         mark-to-market and foreign currency.

         AMEA
         Reported net sales increased 16% driven by both volume and price/mix, and with broad-based growth across the
         region and categories. Organic net sales also increased 18%.

         Noodles and other net sales increased lead by strong growth from Multipro as well as our Kellogg's branded noodles
         business.

         Snacks net sales increased due primarily to strong growth in Pringles across the region.

         Cereal net sales growth was driven by broad-based growth across Asia and Australia.


67 sur 189                                                                                                                     4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Reported operating profit increased 22% due primarily to operating leverage from higher net sales and the lapping of
         prior year business and portfolio realignment charges. Currency-neutral adjusted operating profit increased 12%, after
         excluding the impact of business and portfolio realignment, and foreign currency.

         Corporate
         Reported operating profit increased $30 million versus the comparable prior year period due primarily to favorable
         mark-to-market impact and lower incentive compensation expense. Currency-neutral adjusted operating profit
         increased $41 million from the prior year after excluding the impact of mark-to-market.



                                                                   39




68 sur 189                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Margin performance
         2022 versus 2021 gross margin performance was as follows:
                                                                                                                                                 Change vs.
                                                                                                                                               prior year (pts.)
                                                                                                                    2022           2021
             Reported gross margin (a)                                                                                30.1 %          32.2 %                (2.1)
             Mark-to-market                                                                                           (1.1)%          (0.1)%                (1.0)
             Separation costs                                                                                           —%              —%                    —
             Business and portfolio realignment                                                                       (0.1)%          (0.2)%                 0.1
             Adjusted gross margin                                                                                    31.3 %          32.5 %                (1.2)
             Foreign currency impact                                                                                   0.1 %            —%                   0.1
             Currency-neutral adjusted gross margin                                                                   31.2 %          32.5 %                (1.3)
         Note: Tables may not foot due to rounding.
         For information on the reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the Significant items impacting comparability section.
         (a) Reported gross margin as a percentage of net sales. Gross margin is equal to net sales less cost of goods sold.


         Reported gross margin decreased 210 basis points versus the prior year due primarily to unfavorable mark-to-market,
         the residual impact of last year's fire and strike in our U.S. cereal plants, high cost inflation, supply disruptions, and a
         mix shift towards emerging markets, which more than offset the impact of productivity and revenue growth
         management initiatives. Currency-neutral adjusted gross margin decreased 130 basis points compared to 2021.

         Our 2022 and 2021 currency-neutral adjusted gross profit is reconciled to the most comparable U.S. GAAP measures
         as follows:
             (dollars in millions)                                                                                         2022                     2021
             Reported gross profit (a)                                                                          $                 4,615 $                  4,560
             Mark-to-market                                                                                                        (159)                     (27)
             Separation costs                                                                                                        (4)                      —
             Business and portfolio realignment                                                                                     (11)                     (19)
             Adjusted gross profit                                                                                                4,788                    4,606
             Foreign currency impact                                                                                               (141)                      —
             Currency-neutral adjusted gross profit                                                             $                 4,929 $                  4,606
         Note: Tables may not foot due to rounding.
         For more information on the reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the Significant items impacting comparability section.
         (a) Gross profit is equal to net sales less cost of goods sold.


         2021 versus 2020 gross margin performance was as follows:
                                                                                                                                                 Change vs.
                                                                                                                                               prior year (pts.)
                                                                                                                    2021           2020
             Reported gross margin (a)                                                                                32.2 %          34.3 %                (2.1)
             Mark-to-market                                                                                           (0.1)%          (0.1)%                  —
             Business and portfolio realignment                                                                       (0.2)%            —%                  (0.2)
             Multi-employer pension plan withdrawal                                                                     —%              —%                    —
             Adjusted gross margin                                                                                    32.5 %          34.4 %                (1.9)
             Foreign currency impact                                                                                   0.2 %            —%                   0.2
             Currency-neutral adjusted gross margin                                                                   32.3 %          34.4 %                (2.1)
         Note: Tables may not foot due to rounding.
         For information on the reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the Significant items impacting comparability section.
         (a) Reported gross margin as a percentage of net sales. Gross margin is equal to net sales less cost of goods sold.




69 sur 189                                                                                                                                            4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Reported gross margin decreased 210 basis points versus the prior year as the impact of productivity improvements
         and price realization was more than offset by cost inflation, the impact of the labor strike, a mix shift towards emerging
         markets, and lapping substantial operating leverage in the prior year when our plants were running limited SKUs at
         maximum capacity due to the acceleration of demand as a result of the pandemic. Currency-neutral adjusted gross
         margin decreased 210 basis points compared to 2020.



                                                                     40




70 sur 189                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Our 2021 and 2020 currency-neutral adjusted gross profit is reconciled to the most comparable U.S. GAAP measures
         as follows:
             (dollars in millions)                                                                                      2021                        2020
             Reported gross profit (a)                                                                         $               4,560 $                     4,727
             Mark-to-market                                                                                                      (27)                         (6)
             Business and portfolio realignment                                                                                  (19)                         (7)
             Multi-employer pension plan withdrawal                                                                               —                            5
             Adjusted gross profit                                                                                             4,606                       4,735
             Foreign currency impact                                                                                              55                          —
             Currency-neutral adjusted gross profit                                                            $               4,551 $                     4,735
         Note: Tables may not foot due to rounding.
         For more information on the reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the Significant items impacting comparability section.
         (a) Gross profit is equal to net sales less cost of goods sold.

         Restructuring programs
         Periodically, the Company may initiate a restructuring program to achieve it's long-term profit growth targets. Initiatives
         undertaken are currently expected to recover cash implementation costs within a 3 to 5-year period subsequent to
         completion. Completion (or as each major stage is completed in the case of multi-year programs), is when the project
         begins to deliver cash savings and/or reduced depreciation.

         During 2021, the Company announced a reconfiguration of the North America reportable segment supply chain
         network, designed to drive increased productivity. The project is expected to be substantially completed by early 2024,
         with related productivity improvements commencing in 2023. The overall project is expected to result in cumulative
         pretax charges of approximately $45 million, which include employee-related costs of $4 million, other cash costs of
         $21 million and non-cash costs, primarily consisting of accelerated depreciation and asset write-off's, of $20 million.
         Charges incurred related to this restructuring program were approximately $6 million and $5 million during 2022 and
         2021, respectively. These charges primarily related to severance, accelerated depreciation and asset write-offs, and
         were recorded in COGS. Total program costs to date for the life of this project was $11 million as of December 31,
         2022.

         In addition to the project discussed above, the Company incurred restructuring costs in each of its reportable segments
         related to various reorganization and simplification initiatives and supply chain optimization projects. The Company
         recorded total restructuring charges of $11 million, $27 million and $29 million across all restructuring programs during
         2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, primarily related to employee severance charges, accelerated depreciation and
         asset write-offs.

         At December 31, 2022 total project reserves were $11 million, related to severance payments, of which a substantial
         portion will be paid in 2023.

         Foreign currency translation
         The reporting currency for our financial statements is the U.S. dollar. Certain of our assets, liabilities, expenses and
         revenues are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, primarily in the euro, British pound, Mexican peso,
         Australian dollar, Canadian dollar, Brazilian Real, Nigerian Naira, Russian ruble, Polish zloty, and Egyptian pound. To
         prepare our consolidated financial statements, we must translate those assets, liabilities, expenses and revenues into
         U.S. dollars at the applicable exchange rates. As a result, increases and decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar
         against these other currencies will affect the amount of these items in our consolidated financial statements, even if
         their value has not changed in their original currency. This could have significant impact on our results if such increase
         or decrease in the value of the U.S. dollar is substantial.

         Interest expense
         Interest expense was $218 million and $223 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022,
         respectively. The decrease from the prior year is due primarily to an $18 million gain related to a portion of certain
         forward-starting interest rate swaps no longer designated as cash flow hedges due to changes in forecasted debt


71 sur 189                                                                                                                                            4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         issuance. Interest expense capitalized as part of the construction cost of fixed assets was immaterial for both periods.

         Interest income (recorded in other income (expense), net) was $33 million and $12 million for the years ended
         December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively.



                                                                    41




72 sur 189                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Income taxes
         Our reported effective tax rate for 2022 and 2021 was 20.4% and 24.1%, respectively.

         The lower effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the prior year, was due to a decrease
         in net discrete tax expense.

         The 2021 effective tax rate was unfavorably impacted by tax legislation in the UK and the establishment of a full
         valuation allowance related to certain foreign deferred tax assets. During the second quarter of 2021, the Company
         recorded tax expense of $23 million as a result of tax legislation enacted in the UK in June 2021, which increased the
         statutory UK tax rate from 19 percent to 25 percent for tax periods after April 1, 2023. The Company revalued its net
         deferred tax balances related to the UK business to reflect the increased tax rate. Additionally, during the third quarter,
         the Company determined that certain foreign deferred tax assets were no longer more likely than not to be realized in
         the future and a full valuation allowance totaling $20 million was recorded on a discrete period basis.

         Adjusted effective tax rates for 2022 and 2021 were 21.5% and 21.9%, respectively.

         The following table provides a reconciliation of reported to adjusted income taxes and effective income tax rate for 2022
         and 2021.
             Consolidated results (dollars in millions)                                                                    2022                 2021
             Reported income taxes                                                                                $                244     $           474
             Mark-to-market                                                                                                       (135)                 41
             Separation costs                                                                                                      (16)                 —
             Business and portfolio realignment                                                                                     (4)                (12)
             Gain related to interest rate swaps                                                                                     5                  —
             Foreign valuation allowance                                                                                            —                   20
             UK tax rate change                                                                                                     —                   23
             Adjusted income taxes                                                                                $                394     $           402
             Reported effective income tax rate                                                                                   20.4 %               24.1 %
             Mark-to-market                                                                                                       (1.0)                 0.1
             Separation costs                                                                                                     (0.1)                  —
             Business and portfolio realignment                                                                                     —                  (0.2)
             Gain related to interest rate swaps                                                                                    —                    —
             Foreign valuation allowance                                                                                            —                   1.1
             UK tax rate change                                                                                                     —                   1.3
             Adjusted effective income tax rate                                                                                   21.5 %               21.9 %

         Note: Tables may not foot due to rounding.
         For more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the Significant items impacting comparability section.


         Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could impact the expected effective income tax rate as it is dependent
         upon U.S. dollar earnings of foreign subsidiaries doing business in various countries with differing statutory rates.
         Additionally, the rate could be impacted by tax legislation and if pending uncertain tax matters, including tax positions
         that could be affected by planning initiatives, are resolved more or less favorably than we currently expect.




                                                                                   42




73 sur 189                                                                                                                                        4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
         At this time, the COVID-19 pandemic has not materially impacted our liquidity and we anticipate current cash and
         marketable security balances, operating cash flows, together with our credit facilities and other financing sources
         including commercial paper, credit and bond markets, will be adequate to meet our operating, investing and financing
         needs. We expect cash provided by operating activities of $1.7-$1.8 billion and capital expenditures of approximately
         $700 million in 2023. We currently have $2.5 billion of unused revolving credit agreements, including $1.5 billion
         effective through 2026 and $1.0 billion effective through December 2023, as well as continued access to the
         commercial paper markets. We are currently in compliance with all debt covenants and do not have material
         uncertainty about our ability to maintain compliance in future periods. We continue to utilize available capacity within
         the Monetization Programs to maintain financial flexibility without negatively impacting working capital. As the impact of
         COVID-19 on the economy and our operations evolves, we will continue to assess our liquidity needs.

         Our principal source of liquidity is operating cash flows supplemented by borrowings for major acquisitions and other
         significant transactions. Our cash-generating capability is one of our fundamental strengths and provides us with
         substantial financial flexibility in meeting operating and investing needs.

         We have historically reported negative working capital primarily as the result of our focus to improve core working
         capital by reducing our levels of trade receivables and inventory while extending the timing of payment of our trade
         payables. The impacts of the extended customer terms programs and of the monetization programs are included in our
         calculation of core working capital and are largely offsetting. These programs are all part of our ongoing working capital
         management.

         We periodically monitor our supplier payment terms to assess whether our terms are competitive and in line with local
         market terms. To the extent that such assessment indicates that our supplier payment terms are not aligned with local
         market terms, we may seek to adjust our terms, including extending or shortening our payment due dates as
         appropriate. Supplier payment term modifications did not have a material impact on our cash flows during 2022, and
         are not expected to have a material impact in 2023.

         We have a substantial amount of indebtedness which results in current maturities of long-term debt and notes payable
         which can have a significant impact on working capital as a result of the timing of these required payments. These
         factors, coupled with the use of our ongoing cash flows from operations to service our debt obligations, pay dividends,
         fund acquisition opportunities, and repurchase our common stock, reduce our working capital amounts.
         We had negative working capital of $2.2 billion and $1.9 billion as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022,
         respectively.

         We believe that our operating cash flows, together with our credit facilities and other available debt financing, including
         commercial paper, will be adequate to meet our operating, investing and financing needs in the foreseeable future.
         However, there can be no assurance that volatility and/or disruption in the global capital and credit markets will not
         impair our ability to access these markets on terms acceptable to us, or at all.

         The following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows:
             (dollars in millions)                                                                2022                  2021
             Net cash provided by (used in):
             Operating activities                                                          $              1,651    $            1,701
             Investing activities                                                                          (448)                 (528)
             Financing activities                                                                        (1,081)               (1,306)
             Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                         (109)                  (16)
             Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                          $                 13    $             (149)

         Operating activities
         The principal source of our operating cash flows is net earnings, primarily cash receipts from the sale of our products,
         net of costs to manufacture and market our products.


74 sur 189                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Net cash provided by our operating activities for 2022 totaled $1,651 million compared to $1,701 million in the prior
         year. The decrease is due primarily to net cash outflows related to core working capital, principally related to an
         increase in accounts receivable resulting from higher net sales, partially offset by changes in incentive compensation
         and other accruals from the prior year.




                                                                    43




75 sur 189                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Our cash conversion cycle (defined as days of inventory and trade receivables outstanding less days of trade payables
         outstanding, based on a trailing 12 month average), is approximately negative 6 days and negative 9 days for 2022 and
         2021, respectively. Core working capital in 2022 averaged 1.7% of net sales compared to 1.0% in 2021.
         Our total pension and postretirement benefit plan funding amounted to $23 million and $20 million for the years ended
         December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively.

         The Pension Protection Act (PPA), and subsequent regulations, determines defined benefit plan minimum funding
         requirements in the United States. We believe that we will not be required to make any contributions under PPA
         requirements until 2024 or beyond. Our projections concerning timing of PPA funding requirements are subject to
         change primarily based on general market conditions affecting trust asset performance, future discount rates based on
         average yields of high quality corporate bonds and our decisions regarding certain elective provisions of the PPA.

         We currently project that we will make total U.S. and foreign benefit plan contributions in 2023 of approximately
         $26 million. Actual 2023 contributions could be different from our current projections, as influenced by our decision to
         undertake discretionary funding of our benefit trusts versus other competing investment priorities, future changes in
         government requirements, trust asset performance, renewals of union contracts, or higher-than-expected health care
         claims cost experience.

         We measure cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities reduced by expenditures for property additions. We
         use this non-GAAP financial measure of cash flow to focus management and investors on the amount of cash available
         over time for debt repayment, dividend distributions, acquisition opportunities, and share repurchases. Our cash flow
         metric is reconciled to the most comparable GAAP measure, as follows:
             (dollars in millions)                                                                       2022             2021
             Net cash provided by operating activities                                              $        1,651    $          1,701
             Additions to properties                                                                          (488)               (553)
             Cash flow                                                                              $        1,163    $          1,148

         Investing activities
         Our net cash used in investing activities for 2022 totaled $448 million compared to $528 million in 2021. The decrease
         was due primarily to phasing of capital expenditures.

         Capital spending in 2022 included investments in our supply chain infrastructure, including manufacturing capacity
         expansions in multiple markets and categories and initiatives targeting waste reductions and productivity
         improvements.

         Cash paid for additions to properties as a percentage of net sales was 3.2% and 3.9% in 2022 and 2021, respectively.

         Financing activities
         Our net cash used in financing activities totaled $1,081 million compared to $1,306 million during the prior year. The
         year-over-year variance was driven primarily by higher proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper in the current
         year.

         Total debt was $6.6 billion and $7.1 billion at year-end 2022 and 2021, respectively.

         The following table reflects net debt amounts:




76 sur 189                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




             (millions, unaudited)                                  December 31, 2022           January 1, 2022
             Notes payable                                      $                    467    $                   137
             Current maturities of long-term debt                                    780                        712
             Long-term debt                                                        5,317                      6,262
             Total debt liabilities                             $                  6,564    $                 7,111
             Less:
             Cash and cash equivalents                                              (299)                      (286)
             Net debt                                           $                  6,265    $                 6,825




                                                    44




77 sur 189                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         In November 2022, we repaid €600 million, five-year 0.80% Euro Notes due 2022, upon maturity.

         In May 2021, we issued €300 million of eight-year 0.50% Euro Notes due 2029, resulting in net proceeds of €298
         million after discount and underwriting commissions. The 2029 Euro Notes were issued as a sustainability bond, and
         thus an amount equal to the net proceeds was used to finance, in whole or in part, eligible environmental or social
         projects described in the Company's Sustainability Bond Framework. The Notes contain customary covenants that limit
         the ability of the Company and its restricted subsidiaries (as defined) to incur certain liens or enter into certain sale and
         lease-back transactions, as well as a change of control provision. Additionally, we repaid the €500 million, seven-year
         1.75% Euro Notes due 2021, upon maturity.

         We paid quarterly dividends to shareholders totaling $2.34 per share in 2022 versus $2.31 per share in 2021. On
         February 17, 2023, the Board of Directors declared a dividend of $.59 per common share, payable on March 15, 2023
         to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 1, 2023.

         We entered into an unsecured Five-Year Credit Agreement in December 2021, allowing us to borrow, on a revolving
         credit basis, up to $1.5 billion and expiring in December 2026.

         In December 2022, we entered into an unsecured 364-Day Credit Agreement to borrow, on a revolving credit basis, up
         to $1.0 billion at any time outstanding, to replace the $1.0 billion 364-day facility that was set to expire in December
         2022.

         The Five-Year and 364 Day Credit Agreements which had no outstanding borrowings as December 31, 2022, contain
         customary covenants and warranties, including specified restrictions on indebtedness, liens and a specified interest
         expense coverage ratio. If an event of default occurs, then, to the extent permitted, the administrative agents may
         terminate the commitments under the credit facilities, accelerate any outstanding loans under the agreements, and
         demand the deposit of cash collateral equal to the lender's letter of credit exposure plus interest. The Company was in
         compliance with all financial covenants contained in these agreements at December 31, 2022.

         Our Notes contain customary covenants that limit the ability of the Company and its restricted subsidiaries (as defined)
         to incur certain liens or enter into certain sale and lease-back transactions and also contain a change of control
         provision. There are no significant restrictions on the payment of dividends. We were in compliance with all covenants
         as of December 31, 2022.

         The Notes do not contain acceleration of maturity clauses that are dependent on credit ratings. A change in our credit
         ratings could limit our access to the U.S. short-term debt market and/or increase the cost of refinancing long-term debt
         in the future. However, even under these circumstances, we would continue to have access to our 364-Day Credit
         Facility, which expires in December 2023, as well as our Five-Year Credit Agreement, which expires in December 2026.
         This source of liquidity is unused and available on an unsecured basis, although we do not currently plan to use it.

         We monitor the financial strength of our third-party financial institutions, including those that hold our cash and cash
         equivalents as well as those who serve as counterparties to our credit facilities, our derivative financial instruments, and
         other arrangements.

         We continue to believe that we will be able to meet our interest and principal repayment obligations and maintain our
         debt covenants for the foreseeable future, while still meeting our operational needs, including the pursuit of select
         acquisitions. This will be accomplished through our strong cash flow, our short-term borrowings, and our maintenance
         of credit facilities on a global basis.

         Monetization and Accounts Payable programs
         We have a program in which customers could extend their payment terms in exchange for the elimination of early
         payment discounts (Extended Terms Program). In order to mitigate the net working capital impact of the Extended
         Terms Program for discrete customers, we entered into agreements to sell, on a revolving basis, certain trade accounts
         receivable balances to third party financial institutions (Monetization Programs). Transfers under the Monetization



78 sur 189                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         Programs are accounted for as sales of receivables resulting in the receivables being de-recognized from our
         Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Monetization Programs provide for the continuing sale of certain receivables on a
         revolving basis until terminated by either party; however the maximum funding from receivables that may be sold at any
         time is currently $920 million, but may be increased or decreased as customers move in or out of the Extended Terms
         Program and as additional financial institutions move in or out of the Monetization



                                                                  45




79 sur 189                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Programs. Accounts receivable sold of $865 million and $549 million remained outstanding under this arrangement as
         of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively.

         The Monetization Programs are designed to directly offset the impact the Extended Terms Program would have on the
         days-sales-outstanding (DSO) metric that is critical to the effective management of the Company's accounts receivable
         balance and overall working capital. Current DSO levels within North America are consistent with DSO levels prior to
         the execution of the Extended Term Program and Monetization Programs.

         Refer to Note 3 within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information related to the sale of accounts
         receivable.

         We have agreements with third parties (Accounts Payable Program) to provide accounts payable tracking systems
         which facilitate participating suppliers’ ability to monitor and, if elected, sell our payment obligations to designated third-
         party financial institutions. Participating suppliers may, at their sole discretion, make offers to sell one or more of our
         payment obligations prior to their scheduled due dates at a discounted price to participating financial institutions. Our
         goal is to capture overall supplier savings, in the form of payment terms or vendor funding, and the agreements
         facilitate the suppliers’ ability to sell payment obligations, while providing them with greater working capital flexibility.
         We have no economic interest in the sale of these suppliers’ receivables and no direct financial relationship with the
         financial institutions concerning these services. Our obligations to our suppliers, including amounts due and scheduled
         payment dates, are not impacted by suppliers’ decisions to sell amounts under the arrangements. However, our right to
         offset balances due from suppliers against payment obligations is restricted by the agreements for those payment
         obligations that have been sold by suppliers.

         Refer to Note 1 within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information related to accounts payable.

         If financial institutions were to terminate their participation in the Monetization Programs and we are not able to modify
         related customer payment terms, working capital could be negatively impacted. Additionally, working capital could be
         negatively impacted if we shorten our supplier payment terms as a result of supplier negotiations. For suppliers
         participating in the Accounts Payable Programs, financial institutions may terminate their participation or we could
         experience a downgrade in our credit rating that could result in higher costs to suppliers. If working capital is negatively
         impacted as a result of these events and we were unable to secure alternative programs, we may have to utilize our
         various financing arrangements for short-term liquidity or increase our long-term borrowings.

         CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS

         We have material contractual obligations that arise in the normal course of business and we believe cash flow from
         operations will be adequate to meet our liquidity and capital needs for at least the next 12 months. In addition to
         principal and interest payments on our outstanding long-term debt and notes payable balances, our contractual
         obligations primarily consist of lease payments, income taxes, pension and postretirement benefits and unconditional
         purchase obligations.

         A summary of our operating and finance lease obligations as of December 31, 2022 can be found in Note 8 “Leases
         and Other Commitments”, to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report.

         A summary of principal payments for long-term debt as of December 31, 2022 can be found in Note 9 “Debt”, to the
         Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report.

         Interest payments will be approximately $164 million per year from 2023 through 2027 and approximately $747 million
         in total from 2028 through the last debt maturity date.

         A summary of our pension and postretirement benefit obligations as of December 31, 2022 can be found in Notes 11



80 sur 189                                                                                                                     4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         “Pension Benefits” and Note 12 “Nonpension Postretirement and Postemployment Benefits”, to the Consolidated
         Financial Statements contained in this report.

         See Note 14 “Income Taxes”, to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report for discussion of
         uncertain tax positions.




                                                                   46




81 sur 189                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Our unconditional purchase obligations consist primarily of fixed commitments for raw materials to be utilized in the
         normal course of business and for marketing, advertising and other services. As of December 31, 2022, unconditional
         purchase obligations totaled approximately $1.9 billion. Approximately $1.5 billion of these unconditional purchase
         obligations will be settled in the ordinary course of business in the next 12 months.

         As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any material off-balance sheet arrangements.

         CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES

         Promotional expenditures
         Our promotional activities are conducted either through the retail trade or directly with consumers and include activities
         such as in-store displays and events, feature price discounts, consumer coupons, contests and loyalty programs. The
         costs of these activities are generally recognized at the time the related revenue is recorded, which normally precedes
         the actual cash expenditure. The recognition of these costs therefore requires management judgment regarding the
         volume of promotional offers that will be redeemed by either the retail trade or consumer. These estimates are made
         using various techniques including historical data on performance of similar promotional programs. Differences
         between estimated expense and actual redemptions are normally immaterial and recognized as a change in
         management estimate in a subsequent period. On a full-year basis, these subsequent period adjustments represent
         less than 1% of our company’s net sales. However, our company’s total promotional expenditures (including amounts
         classified as a revenue reduction) are significant, so it is likely our results would be materially different if different
         assumptions or conditions were to prevail.

         Goodwill and other intangible assets
         We review our operating segment and reporting unit structure annually or as significant changes in the organization
         occur and assess goodwill impairment risk throughout the year by performing a qualitative review of entity-specific,
         industry, market and general economic factors affecting our reporting units with goodwill. Annually during the fourth
         quarter, in conjunction with our annual budgeting process, we may perform qualitative testing, or depending on factors
         such as prior-year test results, current year developments, current risk evaluations and other practical considerations,
         we may instead perform a quantitative impairment test. In our quantitative testing, we compare a reporting unit’s
         estimated fair value with its carrying value with a reporting unit’s fair value being estimated using market multiples. This
         approach employs market multiples based on either sales or earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
         amortization for companies that are comparable to our reporting units. In the event the fair value determined using the
         market multiple approach is close to carrying value, we may supplement the fair value determination using discounted
         cash flows that incorporates assumptions surrounding planned growth rates, market-based discount rates and
         estimates of residual value. The assumptions used for the impairment test are consistent with those utilized by a
         market participant performing similar valuations for our reporting units. These estimates are made using various inputs
         including historical data, current and anticipated market conditions, management plans, and market comparables. If the
         carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, we consider the reporting unit impaired and reduce its carrying
         value of goodwill such that the reporting unit’s new carrying value is the estimated fair value.

         Similarly, we assess indefinite-life intangible assets impairment risk throughout the year by performing a qualitative
         review and assessing events and circumstances that could affect the fair value or carrying value of these intangible
         assets. Annually during the fourth quarter, in conjunction with our annual budgeting process, we may perform
         qualitative testing, or depending on factors such as prior-year test results, current year developments, current risk
         evaluations and other practical considerations, we may instead perform a quantitative impairment test. In the
         quantitative testing, we compare an intangible asset’s estimated fair value with its carrying value with the intangible
         asset’s fair value being determined using estimates of future cash flows to be generated from that asset based on
         estimates of future sales, as well as assumptions surrounding earnings growth rates, royalty rates and discount rates
         consistent with rates used by market participants. These estimates are made using various inputs including historical
         data, current and anticipated market conditions, management plans, and market comparables. If the carrying value of
         the asset exceeds its fair value, we consider the asset impaired and reduce its carrying value to the estimated fair
         value.
                                                                     47


82 sur 189                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




83 sur 189                                                   4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         We also evaluate the useful life over which a non-goodwill intangible asset with a finite life is expected to contribute
         directly or indirectly to our cash flows. Reaching a determination on useful life requires significant judgments and
         assumptions regarding the future effects of obsolescence, demand, competition, other economic factors (such as the
         stability of the industry, known technological advances, legislative action that results in an uncertain or changing
         regulatory environment, and expected changes in distribution channels), the level of required maintenance
         expenditures, and the expected lives of other related groups of assets.

         At December 31, 2022, goodwill and other intangible assets amounted to $8.0 billion, consisting primarily of goodwill
         and brands. Within this total, approximately $2.0 billion of non-goodwill intangible assets were classified as indefinite-
         lived, including $1.7 billion related to trademarks, comprised principally of Pringles and cracker-related trademarks. The
         majority of all goodwill and other intangible assets are recorded in our North America reporting unit. The Company
         currently believes the fair value of goodwill and other significant intangible assets exceeds their carrying value and that
         those intangibles so classified will contribute indefinitely to cash flows. Our impairment testing performed through the
         fourth quarter of 2022 consisted of qualitative testing for all reporting unit goodwill and all significant indefinite-lived
         intangible assets, except for one brand, for which quantitative testing was performed. No heightened risk or qualitative
         indicators of impairment of individual significant intangible assets or reporting units was identified.

         We have $184 million at December 31, 2022 related to one brand in the North America operating segment that
         primarily relates to snack category products. In performing the quantitative test of this brand, fair value was determined
         using a relief from royalty valuation method that includes estimates, and significant assumptions, of future cash flows to
         be generated from that asset based on estimates of future sales, royalty rate and discount rate consistent with rates
         used by market participants. We determined the fair value of this brand exceeds its carrying value and no heightened
         risk of impairment exists for the asset.

         Retirement benefits
         Our company sponsors a number of U.S. and foreign defined benefit employee pension plans and also provides retiree
         health care and other welfare benefits in the United States and Canada. Plan funding strategies are influenced by tax
         regulations and asset return performance. A majority of plan assets are invested in a globally diversified portfolio of
         debt and equity securities with smaller holdings of other investments. We recognize the cost of benefits provided during
         retirement over the employees’ active working life to determine the obligations and expense related to our retiree
         benefit plans. Inherent in this concept is the requirement to use various actuarial assumptions to predict and measure
         costs and obligations many years prior to the settlement date. Major actuarial assumptions that require significant
         management judgment and have a material impact on the measurement of our consolidated benefits expense and
         accumulated obligation include the long-term rates of return on plan assets, the health care cost trend rates, the
         mortality table and improvement scale, and the interest rates used to discount the obligations for our major plans, which
         cover employees in the United States, United Kingdom and Canada.
         Our expense recognition policy for pension and nonpension postretirement benefits is to immediately recognize
         actuarial gains and losses in our results in the year in which they occur. Actuarial gains and losses are recognized
         annually as of our measurement date, which is our fiscal year-end, or when remeasurement is otherwise required
         under generally accepted accounting principles.

         Additionally, for purposes of calculating the expected return on plan assets related to pension and nonpension
         postretirement benefits we use the fair value of plan assets.

         To conduct our annual review of the long-term rate of return on plan assets, we model expected returns over a 20-year
         investment horizon with respect to the specific investment mix of each of our major plans. The return assumptions used
         reflect a combination of rigorous historical performance analysis and forward-looking views of the financial markets
         including consideration of current yields on long-term bonds, price-earnings ratios of the major stock market indices,
         and long-term inflation. Our U.S. plan model, corresponding to approximately 69% of our trust assets globally, currently
         incorporates a long-term inflation assumption of 2.5% and a 2022 weighted-average active management premium of
         0.78% for the pension plans and 0.89% for the retiree medical plan, (net of fees) validated by historical analysis and
         future return expectations. Although we review our expected long-term rates of return annually, our benefit trust


84 sur 189                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         investment performance for one particular year does not, by itself, significantly influence our evaluation. Our expected
         rates of return have generally not been revised, provided these rates continue to fall within a “more likely than not”
         corridor of between the 25th and 75th percentile of expected long-term returns, as determined by our modeling
         process. Because of a change in the asset mixes between the US pension and retiree medical trusts, separate rate of
         return assumptions were used in 2022. Our assumed rate of return for U.S. plans in 2022 was 6.25% for the pension
         plans and 7.00% for the retiree medical plan, which equated to approximately the



                                                                    48




85 sur 189                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         63rd and 55th percentile expectations of our model, respectively. Similar methods are used for various foreign plans with
         invested assets, reflecting local economic conditions. Foreign trust investments represent approximately 31% of our
         global benefit plan assets.

         Based on consolidated benefit plan assets at December 31, 2022, a 100 basis point increase or decrease in the
         assumed rate of return would correspondingly decrease or increase 2023 benefits expense by approximately $40
         million. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, our actual return on plan assets was less
         than the recognized assumed return by $1.9 billion and $33 million, respectively.

         Pension assets include a level 3 investment comprising 5% of total plan assets as of December 31, 2022. The
         investment, a buy-in annuity contract, is valued based on the estimated cost to enter an equivalent contract at the
         balance sheet date.

         To conduct our annual review of health care cost trend rates, we model our actual claims cost data over a five-year
         historical period, including an analysis of pre-65 versus post-65 age groups and other important demographic
         components in our covered retiree population. This data is adjusted to eliminate the impact of plan changes and other
         factors that would tend to distort the underlying cost inflation trends. 2020 experience was adjusted to remove the
         estimated impact of COVID-19 claims. No adjustments were made to 2021 or 2022 claims. Our initial health care cost
         trend rate is reviewed annually and adjusted as necessary to remain consistent with recent historical experience and
         our expectations regarding short-term future trends. Kellogg’s 5-year average claims inflation has been in the vicinity of
         5.00% in recent years. Our initial trend rate for 2023 of 6.00% reflects the recognition of increased short-term inflation
         and the health care provisions of the Inflation Reduction Act. Our initial rate remains flat for three years before trending
         downward by 0.50% per year, until the ultimate trend rate of 4.5% is reached. The ultimate trend rate is adjusted
         annually, as necessary, to approximate the current economic view on the rate of long-term inflation plus an appropriate
         health care cost premium. Any arising health care claims cost-related experience gain or loss is recognized in the year
         in which they occur. The experience gain arising from recognition of 2022 claims experience was approximately $14
         million.

         Assumed mortality rates of plan participants are a critical estimate in measuring the expected payments a participant
         will receive over their lifetime and the amount of expense we recognize. In 2019, the Society of Actuaries (SOA)
         published updated mortality tables and an updated improvement scale. In 2021, the SOA released an improvement
         scale that incorporated an additional year of data. In 2022, the SOA did not release an updated improvement scale. In
         determining the appropriate mortality assumptions as of 2022 fiscal year-end, we used the 2019 SOA tables with collar
         adjustments based on Kellogg’s current population, consistent with the prior year. In addition, our assumption for future
         mortality improvement continues to be based on mortality information available from the Social Security Administration
         and other sources, consistent with the prior year and in line with our expectations for future experience. There were no
         changes to the year-end pension and postretirement benefit obligations due to mortality assumption changes.

         To conduct our annual review of discount rates, we selected the discount rate based on a cash-flow matching analysis
         using Willis Towers Watson’s proprietary RATE:Link tool and projections of the future benefit payments constituting the
         projected benefit obligation for the plans. RATE:Link establishes the uniform discount rate that produces the same
         present value of the estimated future benefit payments, as is generated by discounting each year’s benefit payments
         by a spot rate applicable to that year. The spot rates used in this process are derived from a yield curve created from
         yields on the 40th to 90th percentile of U.S. high quality bonds. A similar methodology is applied in Canada and
         Europe, and in the United Kingdom the underlying yield curve was derived after further adjustments to the universe of
         bonds to remove government backed bonds. We use a December 31 measurement date for our defined benefit plans.
         Accordingly, we select yield curves to measure our benefit obligations that are consistent with market indices during
         December of each year.

         Based on consolidated obligations at December 31, 2022, a 25 basis point decline in the yield curve used for benefit
         plan measurement purposes would decrease 2023 benefits expense by approximately $3 million and would result in an
         immediate loss recognition of $111 million. All obligation-related actuarial gains and losses are recognized immediately


86 sur 189                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         in the year in which they occur.

         Despite the previously-described policies for selecting major actuarial assumptions, we periodically experience material
         actuarial gains or losses due to differences between assumed and actual experience and due to changing economic
         conditions. During 2022, we recognized a net actuarial loss of approximately $414 million compared to a net actuarial
         gain of approximately $166 million in 2021. The total net loss recognized in 2022 was driven by a loss



                                                                   49




87 sur 189                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         of approximately $1.9 billion from lower than expected asset returns and a loss of approximately $108 million from plan
         experience, partially offset by an approximate $1.6 billion gain from assumption changes, including increases in the
         discount rate.

         During 2022, we made contributions in the amount of $3 million to Kellogg’s global tax-qualified pension programs. This
         amount was mostly non-discretionary. Additionally, we contributed $20 million to our retiree medical programs.

         Income taxes
         Our consolidated effective income tax rate is influenced by tax planning opportunities available to us in the various
         jurisdictions in which we operate. The calculation of our income tax provision and deferred income tax assets and
         liabilities is complex and requires the use of estimates and judgment.

         We recognize tax benefits associated with uncertain tax positions when, in our judgment, it is more likely than not that
         the positions will be sustained upon examination by a taxing authority. For tax positions that meet the more likely than
         not recognition threshold, we initially and subsequently measure the tax benefits as the largest amount that we judge to
         have a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Our liability associated with
         unrecognized tax benefits is adjusted periodically due to changing circumstances, such as the progress of tax audits,
         new or emerging legislation and tax planning. The tax position will be de-recognized when it is no longer more likely
         than not of being sustained. Significant adjustments to our liability for unrecognized tax benefits impacting our effective
         tax rate are separately presented in the rate reconciliation table of Note 13 within Notes to Consolidated Financial
         Statements.

         Management monitors the Company’s ability to utilize certain future tax deductions, operating losses and tax credit
         carryforwards, prior to expiration as well as the reinvestment assertion regarding our undistributed foreign earnings.
         Changes resulting from management’s assessment will result in impacts to deferred tax assets and the corresponding
         impacts on the effective income tax rate. Valuation allowances were recorded to reduce deferred tax assets to an
         amount that will, more likely than not, be realized in the future.


         FUTURE OUTLOOK
         The Company issued its initial financial guidance for 2023. The Company is projecting:

             •   Organic net sales growth of 5-7%, driven by price/mix growth and led by sustained momentum in snacks and
                 emerging markets.

             •   Adjusted operating profit growth of 7-9% on a currency-neutral basis as margins stabilize amidst persistent cost
                 inflation.

             •   Adjusted earnings per share decline of (2)-(4)% on a currency-neutral basis which includes a an approximate
                 (7)% impact from the remeasurement of pension and postretirement plans, reflecting last year's sharp decline
                 in financial markets, and it is also impacted by a significant increase in interest expense due to higher interest
                 rates.

             •   Net cash provided by operating activities of approximately $1.7-1.8 billion, with capital expenditure of about
                 $0.7 billion including capital expenditure related to the pending separation. As a result, cash flow is expected to
                 be $1.0-1.1 billion. This is below 2022 levels due solely to approximately $0.3 billion of up-front charges and
                 capital expenditure related to the Company's pending separation, without which cash flow would be higher year
                 on year.

         For simplicity reasons, this guidance assumes the North America cereal business will remain in Kellogg Company for
         the full year, even though the plan is to spin it off before year end.

         Reconciliation of non-GAAP guidance measures



88 sur 189                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         We are unable to reasonably estimate the potential full-year financial impact of mark-to-market adjustments because
         these impacts are dependent on future changes in market conditions (interest rates, return on assets, and commodity
         prices). Similarly, because of volatility in foreign exchange rates and shifts in country mix of our international earnings,
         we are unable to reasonably estimate the potential full-year financial impact of foreign currency translation.




                                                                      50




89 sur 189                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                                      https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         As a result, these impacts are not included in the guidance provided. Therefore, we are unable to provide a full
         reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures used in our guidance without unreasonable effort as certain information
         necessary to calculate such measure on a GAAP basis is unavailable, dependent on future events outside of our
         control and cannot be predicted without unreasonable efforts by the Company.

         See the table below that outlines the projected impact of certain other items that are excluded from non-GAAP
         guidance for 2023:

                                                                                                                                                            Earnings Per
             Impact of certain items excluded from Non-GAAP guidance:                                            Net Sales          Operating Profit           Share
             Business and portfolio realignment (pre-tax)                                                                               $25-$30M            $0.07 - $0.09
             Separation costs (pre-tax)                                                                                                  $230M                  $0.67
             Income tax impact applicable to adjustments, net**                                                                                             $0.24 - $0.25
             Currency-neutral adjusted guidance*                                                                                          ~7-9%              ~(4)-(2)%
             Organic guidance*                                                                                     ~5-7%


         * 2023 full year guidance for net sales, operating profit, and earnings per share are provided on a non-GAAP basis only because certain information necessary to
         calculate such measures on a GAAP basis is unavailable, dependent on future events outside of our control and cannot be predicted without unreasonable efforts by
         the Company. These items for 2023 include impacts of mark-to-market adjustments for pension plans (service cost, interest cost, expected return on plan assets, and
         other net periodic pension costs are not excluded), commodity contracts, certain equity investments and certain foreign currency contracts. The Company is providing
         quantification of known adjustment items where available.
         ** Represents the estimated income tax effect on the reconciling items, using weighted-average statutory tax rates, depending upon the applicable jurisdiction.


             Reconciliation of Non-GAAP amounts - Cash Flow Guidance
             (billions)
                                                                                                                                                     Full Year 2023
             Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities                                                                                       $1.7 - $1.8
             Additions to properties                                                                                                                    ~ ($0.7)
             Cash Flow                                                                                                                                 $1.0 - $1.1



         ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

         Our company is exposed to certain market risks, which exist as a part of our ongoing business operations. We use
         derivative financial and commodity instruments, where appropriate, to manage these risks. As a matter of policy, we do
         not engage in trading or speculative transactions. Refer to Note 15 within Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
         for further information on our derivative financial and commodity instruments.

         Foreign exchange risk
         Our company is exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency cash flows related primarily to third-party purchases,
         intercompany transactions, and when applicable, nonfunctional currency denominated third-party debt. Our company is
         also exposed to fluctuations in the value of foreign currency investments in subsidiaries and cash flows related to
         repatriation of these investments.

         Additionally, volatile market conditions arising from the COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical events may result in
         significant changes in foreign exchange rates, and in particular a weakening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S.
         dollar may negatively affect the translation of foreign currency denominated earnings to U.S. dollars. Primary
         exposures include the U.S. dollar versus the euro, British pound, Australian dollar, Canadian dollar, Mexican peso,
         Brazilian real, Nigerian naira, Polish Zloty and Egyptian pound, and in the case of inter-subsidiary transactions, the
         British pound versus the euro. There is significant uncertainty surrounding the impact of COVID-19 and the war in
         Ukraine on financial markets and we will continue to monitor the business for adverse impacts related to the pandemic.
         Our business in Russia represented approximately 1% of consolidated Kellogg Company net sales for the year ended
         December 31, 2022. The net book value of assets related to our Russia business represented less than 1% of total
         assets at year-end 2022. As such, our exposure to volatility in the exchange rate of the Russian ruble is unlikely to



90 sur 189                                                                                                                                                         4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

         We assess foreign currency risk based on transactional cash flows and translational volatility and may enter into
         forward contracts, options, and currency swaps to reduce fluctuations in long or short currency positions. Forward
         contracts and options are generally less than 18 months duration. Currency swap agreements may be established in
         conjunction with the term of underlying debt issuances.



                                                                   51




91 sur 189                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         The total notional amount of foreign currency derivative instruments, including cross currency swaps, at year-end 2022
         was $4.5 billion, representing a net settlement receivable of $153 million. The total notional amount of foreign currency
         derivative instruments at year-end 2021 was $4.2 billion, representing a net settlement receivable of $35 million. All of
         these derivatives were hedges of anticipated transactions, translational exposure, or existing assets or liabilities.
         Foreign currency contracts generally mature within 18 months and cross currency contracts mature with the related
         debt. Assuming an unfavorable 10% change in year-end exchange rates, the settlement receivable would have
         decreased by $342 million, resulting in a net settlement obligation of $189 million at year-end 2022 and the settlement
         receivable would have decreased by $247 million at year-end 2021. These unfavorable changes would generally have
         been offset by favorable changes in the values of the underlying exposures.

         Interest rate risk
         Our company is exposed to interest rate volatility with regard to future issuances of fixed rate debt and existing and
         future issuances of variable rate debt. Primary exposures include movements in U.S. Treasury rates, London Interbank
         Offered Rates (LIBOR), Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), and commercial paper rates. We periodically use
         interest rate swaps and forward interest rate contracts to reduce interest rate volatility and funding costs associated
         with certain debt issues, and to achieve a desired proportion of variable versus fixed rate debt, based on current and
         projected market conditions.

         On December 31, 2021 the London Interbank Offered Rates (LIBOR) was discontinued. LIBOR will be phased out
         completely by June 30, 2023, and replaced by the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR). We will have exposure
         to LIBOR for existing interest rate swaps and forward interest rate contracts through the phase out period. Interest rate
         swaps and forward interest rate contracts entered into after December 31, 2021 will be based on SOFR.
         We entered into interest rate swaps, and in some instances terminated interest rate swaps, in connection with certain
         U.S. Dollar and Euro Notes. The total notional amount of interest rate swaps at year-end 2022 was $2.7 billion,
         representing a net settlement obligation of $23 million. The total notional amount of interest rate swaps at year-end
         2021 was $2.8 billion, representing a net settlement receivable of $4 million. Assuming average variable rate debt
         levels during the year, a one percentage point increase in interest rates would have increased interest expense by
         approximately $12 million and $13 million at year-end 2022 and 2021, respectively.


         Price risk
         Our company is exposed to price fluctuations primarily as a result of anticipated purchases of raw and packaging
         materials, fuel, and energy. Primary exposures include corn, wheat, potato flakes, soybean oil, sugar, cocoa,
         cartonboard, natural gas, and diesel fuel. We have historically used the combination of long-term contracts with
         suppliers, and exchange-traded futures and option contracts to reduce price fluctuations in a desired percentage of
         forecasted raw material purchases over a duration of generally less than 18 months.

         Additionally, certain ingredients, packaging and other goods and services have been impacted by the COVID-19
         pandemic and inflationary pressures and we expect these supply pressures and market disruptions to continue into
         2022.

         The total notional amount of commodity derivative instruments at year-end 2022 was $230 million, representing a
         settlement receivable of approximately $2 million. The total notional amount of commodity derivative instruments at
         year-end 2021 was $360 million, representing a settlement obligation of approximately $1 million. Assuming a 10%
         decrease in year-end commodity prices, the settlement receivable would have decreased by $18 million, resulting in a
         net settlement obligation of approximately $16 million at year-end 2022, and the settlement obligation would have
         increased by approximately $31 million at year-end 2021, generally offset by a reduction in the cost of the underlying
         commodity purchases.

         In addition to the commodity derivative instruments discussed above, we use long-term contracts with suppliers to
         manage a portion of the price exposure associated with future purchases of certain raw materials, including rice, sugar,
         cartonboard, and corrugated boxes.
                                                                   52


92 sur 189                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




93 sur 189                                                   4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Reciprocal collateralization agreements
         In some instances we have reciprocal collateralization agreements with counterparties regarding fair value positions in
         excess of certain thresholds. These agreements call for the posting of collateral in the form of cash, treasury securities
         or letters of credit if a net liability position to us or our counterparties exceeds a certain amount. As of December 31,
         2022 and January 1, 2022, collateral related to reciprocal collateralization agreements and margin deposits for
         exchange-traded commodity derivative instruments, were immaterial.




                                                                     53




94 sur 189                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                     https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

         Kellogg Company and Subsidiaries

         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME
             (millions, except per share data)                                      2022                 2021                2020
             Net sales                                                     $               15,315    $          14,181   $          13,770
             Cost of goods sold                                                            10,700                9,621               9,043
             Selling, general and administrative expense                                    2,980                2,808               2,966
             Operating profit                                              $                1,635    $           1,752   $           1,761
             Interest expense                                                                 218                  223                 281
             Other income (expense), net                                   $                 (220)   $             437   $             121
             Income before income taxes                                                     1,197                1,966               1,601
             Income taxes                                                                     244                  474                 323
             Earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities                                       9                    3                 (14)
             Net income                                                    $                  962    $           1,495   $           1,264
             Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests                         2                    7                  13
             Net income attributable to Kellogg Company                    $                  960    $           1,488   $           1,251
             Per share amounts:
               Basic                                                       $                 2.81    $            4.36   $            3.65
               Diluted                                                     $                 2.79    $            4.33   $            3.63

         Refer to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.




                                                                          54




95 sur 189                                                                                                                      4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Kellogg Company and Subsidiaries

         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                             2022                                      2021                                        2020
                                                                               Tax                                      Tax                                         Tax
                                                                Pre-tax    (expense)      After-tax       Pre-tax    (expense)        After-tax       Pre-tax    (expense)          After-tax
             (millions)                                         amount       benefit      amount          amount       benefit        amount          amount       benefit          amount
             Net income                                                                   $    962                                $     1,495                                   $     1,264
             Other comprehensive income:
               Foreign currency translation adjustments:
                 Foreign currency translation adjustments
                 during period                              $      (412) $          3         (409)   $      (222) $          5          (217)    $       (76) $          (3)            (79)
               Net investment hedges:
                Net investment hedges gain (loss)                   287         (72)           215           236          (62)             174           (329)         87              (242)
               Cash flow hedges:
                Net deferred gain (loss) on cash flow
                hedges                                              221         (57)           164             38         (10)              28             (9)             2              (7)
                Reclassification to net income                       (2)          1             (1)            22          (6)              16             14             (4)             10
               Postretirement and postemployment
               benefits:
                Amounts arising during the period:
                     Net experience gain (loss)                       5             (1)          4             (2)            1             (1)            (4)            1               (3)
                    Prior service credit (cost)                      (3)             1          (2)           (18)            4            (14)           (21)            6              (15)
                 Reclassification to net income:
                     Net experience (gain) loss                      (2)            1           (1)            (2)          —               (2)            (3)            1               (2)
                    Prior service (credit) cost                       1             —            1             —            —               —              (1)            —               (1)
               Available-for-sale securities:
                     Unrealized gain (loss)                          (5)         —              (5)            (1)         —               (1)              3          —                  3
                     Reclassification to net income                   1          —               1             (2)         —               (2)             —           —                 —
             Other comprehensive income (loss)              $        91 $      (124) $         (33)   $        49 $       (68) $          (19)    $      (426) $       90 $            (336)
             Comprehensive income                                                    $         929                             $        1,476                             $             928
              Net income (loss) attributable to
              noncontrolling interests                                                           2                                           7                                            13
              Other comprehensive income (loss)
              attributable to noncontrolling interests                                         (46)                                        (30)                                          (52)
             Comprehensive income attributable to
             Kellogg Company                                                              $    973                                $     1,499                                   $        967

         Refer to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.




                                                                                                 55




96 sur 189                                                                                                                                                                            4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Kellogg Company and Subsidiaries

         CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

             (millions, except share data)                                                                     2022                 2021
             Current assets
             Cash and cash equivalents                                                                  $                299    $             286
             Accounts receivable, net                                                                                  1,736                1,489
             Inventories                                                                                               1,768                1,398
             Other current assets                                                                                        383                  221
             Total current assets                                                                                      4,186                3,394
             Property, net                                                                                             3,789                3,827
             Operating lease right-of-use assets                                                                         617                  640
             Goodwill                                                                                                  5,686                5,771
             Other intangibles, net                                                                                    2,296                2,409
             Investment in unconsolidated entities                                                                       432                  424
             Other assets                                                                                              1,490                1,713
             Total assets                                                                               $             18,496    $          18,178
             Current liabilities
             Current maturities of long-term debt                                                       $                780    $             712
             Notes payable                                                                                               467                  137
             Accounts payable                                                                                          2,973                2,573
             Current operating lease liabilities                                                                         121                  116
             Accrued advertising and promotion                                                                           766                  714
             Accrued salaries and wages                                                                                  370                  300
             Other current liabilities                                                                                   872                  763
             Total current liabilities                                                                                 6,349                5,315
             Long-term debt                                                                                            5,317                6,262
             Operating lease liabilities                                                                                 486                  502
             Deferred income taxes                                                                                       760                  722
             Pension liability                                                                                           709                  706
             Other liabilities                                                                                           500                  456
             Commitments and contingencies
             Equity
             Common stock, $0.25 par value, 1,000,000,000 shares authorized
             Issued: 421,209,894 shares in 2022 and 421,098,799 shares in 2021                                           105                  105
             Capital in excess of par value                                                                            1,068                1,023
             Retained earnings                                                                                         9,197                9,028
             Treasury stock, at cost
             79,409,966 shares in 2022 and 79,721,563 shares in 2021                                                  (4,721)              (4,715)
             Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)                                                            (1,708)              (1,721)
             Total Kellogg Company equity                                                                              3,941                3,720
             Noncontrolling interests                                                                                    434                  495
             Total equity                                                                                              4,375                4,215
             Total liabilities and equity                                                               $             18,496    $          18,178

         Refer to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.




                                                                                 56




97 sur 189                                                                                                                            4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                                                   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Kellogg Company and Subsidiaries

         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EQUITY

                                                          Common
                                                           stock                                              Treasury stock
                                                                                                                                        Accumulated         Total
                                                                             Capital in                                                    other           Kellogg          Non-
                                                                             excess of      Retained                                  comprehensive       Company        controlling         Total
             (millions)                               shares     amount      par value      earnings        shares      amount         income (loss)       equity         interests         equity
             Balance, December 28, 2019                  421 $       105 $          921 $       7,859            79 $     (4,690) $           (1,448) $        2,747 $           567 $         3,314
             Net income (loss)                                                                  1,251                                                          1,251              13           1,264
             Divestiture                                                                                                                                          —               (3)             (3)
             Dividends declared ($2.28 per share)                                                (782)                                                          (782)                           (782)
             Distributions to noncontrolling
             interest                                                                                                                                             —                (1)            (1)
             Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                                                  (284)           (284)             (52)          (336)
             Stock compensation                                                       76                                                                          76                              76
             Stock options exercised and other             —                         (25)          (2)           (2)           131                               104                             104
             Balance, January 2, 2021                    421 $       105 $          972 $       8,326            77 $     (4,559) $           (1,732) $        3,112 $           524 $         3,636
             Common stock repurchases                                                                             4         (240)                               (240)                           (240)
             Net income (loss)                                                                  1,488                                                          1,488                7          1,495
             Acquisition of noncontrolling interest                                  22                                                                           22               30             52
             Dividends declared ($2.31 per share)                                                (788)                                                          (788)                           (788)
             Distributions to noncontrolling
             interest                                                                                                                                            —                (36)               (36)
             Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                                                    11             11               (30)               (19)
             Stock compensation                                                       68                                                                         68                                   68
             Stock options exercised and other             —                         (39)              2         (1)           84                                47                                   47
             Balance, January 1, 2022                    421 $       105 $        1,023 $       9,028            80 $     (4,715) $           (1,721) $        3,720 $           495 $         4,215
             Common stock repurchases                                                                             5         (300)                               (300)                           (300)
             Net income (loss)                                                                    960                                                            960                   2         962
             Dividends declared ($2.34 per share)                                                (797)                                                          (797)                           (797)
             Distributions to noncontrolling
             interest                                                                                                                                            —                (17)           (17)
             Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                                                    13             13               (46)           (33)
             Stock compensation                                                       96                                                                         96                               96
             Stock options exercised and other             —                         (51)              6         (6)           294                              249                              249
             Balance, December 31, 2022                  421 $       105 $        1,068 $       9,197            79 $     (4,721) $           (1,708) $        3,941 $           434 $         4,375


         Refer to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.




                                                                                                       57




98 sur 189                                                                                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                                  https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Kellogg Company and Subsidiaries

         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
             (millions)                                                                                          2022              2021             2020
             Operating activities
             Net income                                                                                      $          962    $     1,495      $      1,264
             Adjustments to reconcile net income to operating cash flows:
               Depreciation and amortization                                                                            478            467                 479
               Postretirement benefit plan expense (benefit)                                                            240           (392)                (77)
               Deferred income taxes                                                                                    (46)           125                  69
               Stock compensation                                                                                        96             68                  76
               Other                                                                                                    (42)           (44)                (21)
             Postretirement benefit plan contributions                                                                  (23)           (20)                (32)
             Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions:
               Trade receivables                                                                                     (257)              (9)               75
               Inventories                                                                                           (411)            (135)              (54)
               Accounts payable                                                                                       411              194                (9)
               All other current assets and liabilities                                                               243              (48)              216
             Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities                                             $      1,651      $     1,701      $      1,986
             Investing activities
             Additions to properties                                                                         $      (488)      $      (553)     $      (505)
             Issuance of notes receivable                                                                            (22)              (28)             (19)
             Repayments from notes receivable                                                                         10                28               14
             Purchases of marketable securities                                                                       —                 —              (250)
             Sales of marketable securities                                                                           —                 —               250
             Settlement of net investment hedges                                                                      37                19               —
             Investments in unconsolidated entities                                                                   —                (10)              —
             Purchases of available for sale securities                                                              (17)              (61)             (81)
             Sales of available for sale securities                                                                   19                72               19
             Other                                                                                                    13                 5              (13)
             Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities                                             $      (448)      $      (528)     $      (585)
             Financing activities
             Net increase (reduction) of notes payable, with maturities less than or equal to 90 days                 337              (27)              (16)
             Issuances of notes payable, with maturities greater than 90 days                                          28               73                44
             Reductions of notes payable, with maturities greater than 90 days                                        (35)             (63)              (34)
             Issuances of long-term debt                                                                               39              361               557
             Reductions of long-term debt                                                                            (648)            (650)           (1,229)
             Debt redemption costs                                                                                     —                —                (20)
             Net issuances of common stock                                                                            277               63               112
             Common stock repurchases                                                                                (300)            (240)               —
             Cash dividends                                                                                          (797)            (788)             (782)
             Other                                                                                                     18              (35)              (20)
             Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                             $     (1,081)     $    (1,306)     $     (1,388)
             Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                            (109)             (16)               25
             Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                $         13      $      (149)     $         38
             Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                                                         286              435               397
             Cash and cash equivalents at end of period                                                      $        299      $       286      $        435
             Supplemental cash flow disclosures:
              Interest paid                                                                                  $          220    $          213   $          249
              Income taxes paid                                                                              $          312    $          365   $          281
             Supplemental cash flow disclosures of non-cash investing activities:
              Additions to properties included in accounts payable                                           $          209    $          162   $          189

         Refer to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                                                                      58


99 sur 189                                                                                                                                          4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231    https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




100 sur 189                                                   4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Kellogg Company and Subsidiaries

         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
         NOTE 1
         ACCOUNTING POLICIES

         Basis of presentation
         The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Kellogg Company, those of the subsidiaries that it
         controls due to ownership of a majority voting interest (Kellogg or the Company). The Company continually evaluates
         its involvement with variable interest entities (VIEs) to determine whether it has variable interests and is the primary
         beneficiary of the VIE. When these criteria are met, the Company is required to consolidate the VIE. The Company’s
         share of earnings or losses of nonconsolidated affiliates is included in its consolidated operating results using the equity
         method of accounting when it is able to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial decisions of the
         affiliate. The Company records investments in equity securities at fair value if it is not able to exercise significant
         influence over the operating and financial decisions of the affiliate. The Company's investments in equity securities
         without a readily determinable fair value are recorded at original cost with adjustments for fair value only when
         observable price changes from orderly transactions for the investment are identified. Our investments in unconsolidated
         affiliates and equity securities without a readily determinable fair value are evaluated, at least annually, for indicators of
         an other-than-temporary impairment. Intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated.

         The Company’s fiscal year normally ends on the Saturday closest to December 31 and as a result, a 53rd week is
         added approximately every sixth year. The Company’s 2022 and 2021 fiscal years each contained 52 weeks and
         ended on December 31, 2022, and January 1, 2022, respectively. The Company's 2020 fiscal year ended on January
         2, 2021 and included a 53rd week. While quarters normally consist of 13-week periods, the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020
         included a 14th week. Certain prior period amounts have been updated to conform to the current period presentation.

         Use of estimates
         The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
         of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
         liabilities, the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of
         revenues and expenses during the periods reported. The Company's critical estimates include those related to
         promotional expenditures, goodwill and other intangible assets, retirement benefits, and income taxes. Actual results
         could differ from those estimates and could be impacted from macroeconomic conditions.

         Cash and cash equivalents
         Highly liquid investments with remaining stated maturities of three months or less when purchased are considered cash
         equivalents and recorded at cost.

         Accounts receivable
         Accounts receivable consists principally of trade receivables, which are recorded at the invoiced amount, net of
         allowances for expected credit losses and prompt payment discounts. Trade receivables do not bear interest. The
         allowance for expected credit losses represents management’s estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in
         existing accounts receivable, as determined from a review of past due balances, historical loss information, and an
         evaluation of customer accounts for potential future losses. Account balances are written off against the allowance
         when management determines the receivable is uncollectible. For the fiscal years ended 2022 and 2021 the Company
         did not have off-balance sheet credit exposure related to its customers. Please refer to Note 3 for information on sales
         of accounts receivable.

         Inventories
         Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined on an average cost basis.

         Property
         The Company’s property consists mainly of plants and equipment used for manufacturing activities. These assets are



101 sur 189                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         recorded at cost and depreciated over estimated useful lives using straight-line methods for financial reporting and
         accelerated methods, where permitted, for tax reporting. Major property categories are depreciated over various
         periods as follows (in years): manufacturing machinery and equipment 15-30; office equipment 5; computer equipment
         and capitalized software 3-7; building components 20; building structures 10-50. Cost includes interest



                                                                  59




102 sur 189                                                                                                            4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         associated with significant capital projects. Plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment when conditions indicate
         that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Such conditions include an extended period of idleness or a plan of
         disposal. Assets to be disposed of at a future date are depreciated over the remaining period of use. Assets to be sold
         are written down to realizable value at the time the assets are being actively marketed for sale and a sale is expected
         to occur within one year. There were no material assets held for sale at the fiscal year-end 2022 or 2021.

         Goodwill and other intangible assets
         The Company reviews our operating segment and reporting unit structure annually or as significant changes in the
         organization occur and assesses goodwill impairment risk throughout the year by performing a qualitative review of
         entity-specific, industry, market and general economic factors affecting our reporting units with goodwill. Annually
         during the fourth quarter, in conjunction with our annual budgeting process, the Company may perform qualitative
         testing, or depending on factors such as prior-year test results, current year developments, current risk evaluations and
         other practical considerations, the Company may instead perform a quantitative impairment test. In our quantitative
         testing, the Company compares a reporting unit’s estimated fair value with its carrying value with a reporting unit’s fair
         value being estimated using market multiples. This approach employs market multiples based on either sales or
         earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization for companies that are comparable to the Company’s
         reporting units. In the event the fair value determined using the market multiple approach is close to carrying value, the
         Company may supplement the fair value determination using discounted cash flows that incorporates assumptions
         surrounding planned growth rates, market-based discount rates and estimates of residual value. The assumptions used
         for the impairment test are consistent with those utilized by a market participant performing similar valuations for the
         Company’s reporting units. These estimates are made using various inputs including historical data, current and
         anticipated market conditions, management plans, and market comparables. If the carrying value of a reporting unit
         exceeds its fair value, the Company considers the reporting unit impaired and reduces its carrying value of goodwill
         such that the reporting unit’s new carrying value is the estimated fair value.

         Similarly, the Company assesses indefinite-life intangible assets impairment risk throughout the year by performing a
         qualitative review and assessing events and circumstances that could affect the fair value or carrying value of these
         intangible assets. Annually during the fourth quarter, in conjunction with our annual budgeting process, the Company
         may perform qualitative testing, or depending on factors such as prior-year test results, current year developments,
         current risk evaluations and other practical considerations, the Company may instead perform a quantitative
         impairment test. In the quantitative testing, the Company compares an intangible asset’s estimated fair value with its
         carrying value with the intangible asset’s fair value being determined using estimates of future cash flows to be
         generated from that asset based on estimates of future sales, as well as assumptions surrounding earnings growth
         rates, royalty rates and discount rates consistent with rates used by market participants. These estimates are made
         using various inputs including historical data, current and anticipated market conditions, management plans, and
         market comparables. If the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value, we consider the asset impaired and
         reduce its carrying value to the estimated fair value.

         We amortize definite-life intangible assets over their estimated useful lives, which materially approximates the pattern
         of economic benefit and evaluate them for impairment as we do other long-lived assets.

         Accounts payable
         The Company has agreements with third parties to provide accounts payable tracking systems which facilitate
         participating suppliers’ ability to monitor and, if elected, sell payment obligations from the Company to designated third-
         party financial institutions. Participating suppliers may, at their sole discretion, make offers to sell one or more payment
         obligations of the Company prior to their scheduled due dates at a discounted price to participating financial
         institutions. The Company’s goal is to capture overall supplier savings, in the form of payment terms or vendor funding,
         and the agreements facilitate the suppliers’ ability to sell payment obligations, while providing them with greater
         working capital flexibility. The Company has no economic interest in the sale of these suppliers’ receivables and no
         direct financial relationship with the financial institutions concerning these services. The Company’s obligations to its
         suppliers, including amounts due and scheduled payment dates, are not impacted by suppliers’ decisions to sell
         amounts under the arrangements. However, the Company’s right to offset balances due from suppliers against
         payment obligations is restricted by the agreements for those payment obligations that have been sold by suppliers.



103 sur 189                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         The payment of these obligations by the Company is included in cash used in operating activities in the Consolidated
         Statement of Cash Flows. As of December 31, 2022, $1.1 billion of the Company’s outstanding payment obligations
         had been placed in the accounts payable tracking system. As of January 1, 2022, $905 million of the Company’s
         outstanding payment obligations had been placed in the accounts payable tracking system.



                                                                   60




104 sur 189                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Revenue recognition
         The Company recognizes sales upon delivery of its products to customers. Revenue, which includes shipping and
         handling charges billed to the customer, is reported net of applicable discounts, returns, allowances, and various
         government withholding taxes. Methodologies for determining these provisions are dependent on local customer
         pricing and promotional practices, which range from contractually fixed percentage price reductions to reimbursement
         based on actual occurrence or performance. Where applicable, future reimbursements are estimated based on a
         combination of historical patterns and future expectations regarding specific in-market product performance.

         The Company recognizes revenue from the sale of food products which are sold to retailers through direct sales forces,
         broker and distributor arrangements. The Company also recognizes revenue from the license of our trademarks
         granted to third parties who use these trademarks on their merchandise and revenue from hauling services provided to
         third parties within certain markets. Revenue from these licenses and hauling services is not material to the Company.

         Contract balances recognized in the current period that are not the result of current period performance are not material
         to the Company. The Company also does not incur costs to obtain or fulfill contracts.

         The Company does not adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of significant financing components
         as the Company expects, at contract inception, that the period between the transfer of a promised good or service to a
         customer and when the customer pays for that good or service will be one year or less.

         The Company accounts for shipping and handling activities that occur before the customer has obtained control of a
         good as fulfillment activities recorded in cost of goods sold (COGS) rather than as a promised service.

         The Company excludes from the measurement of transaction price all taxes assessed by a governmental authority that
         are both imposed on and concurrent with a specific revenue-producing transaction and collected by the Company from
         a customer for sales taxes.

         Performance obligations

         The Company recognizes revenue when (or as) performance obligations are satisfied by transferring control of the
         goods to customers. Control is transferred upon delivery of the goods to the customer. The customer is invoiced with
         payment terms which are commensurate with the customer’s credit profile. Shipping and/or handling costs that occur
         before the customer obtains control of the goods are deemed to be fulfillment activities and are accounted for as
         fulfillment costs.

         The Company assesses the goods and services promised in its customers’ purchase orders and identifies a
         performance obligation for each promise to transfer a good or service (or bundle of goods or services) that is distinct.
         To identify the performance obligations, the Company considers all the goods or services promised, whether explicitly
         stated or implied based on customary business practices. For a purchase order that has more than one performance
         obligation, the Company allocates the total consideration to each distinct performance obligation on a relative
         standalone selling price basis.

         Significant Judgments

         The Company offers various forms of trade promotions and the methodologies for determining these provisions are
         dependent on local customer pricing and promotional practices, which range from contractually fixed percentage price
         reductions to provisions based on actual occurrence or performance. Where applicable, future provisions are estimated
         based on a combination of historical patterns and future expectations regarding specific in-market product
         performance.




105 sur 189                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         The Company's promotional activities are conducted either through the retail trade or directly with consumers and
         include activities such as in-store displays and events, feature price discounts, consumer coupons, contests and loyalty
         programs. The costs of these activities are generally recognized at the time the related revenue is recorded, which
         normally precedes the actual cash expenditure. The recognition of these costs therefore requires management
         judgment regarding the volume of promotional offers that will be redeemed by either the retail trade or consumer.
         These estimates are made using various techniques including historical data on performance of similar promotional
         programs. Differences between estimated expense and actual redemptions are normally immaterial in



                                                                   61




106 sur 189                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                  https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         relation to net sales and recognized as a change in management estimate in a subsequent period. The liability
         associated with these promotions was recorded in accrued advertising and promotion.

         The Company classifies promotional expenditures to its customers, the cost of consumer coupons, and other cash
         redemption offers in net sales.

         Advertising and promotion
         The Company expenses production costs of advertising the first time the advertising takes place. Advertising expense
         is classified in selling, general and administrative (SGA) expense.

         The Company also classifies consumer promotional expenditures in SGA expense. These promotional expenses are
         estimated using various techniques including historical cash expenditure and redemption experience and patterns.
         Differences between estimated expense and actual redemptions are normally immaterial and recognized as a change
         in management estimate in a subsequent period. The liability associated with these advertising and promotional
         activities is recorded in accrued advertising and promotion.

         The cost of promotional package inserts is recorded in cost of goods sold (COGS).

         Research and development
         The costs of research and development (R&D) are expensed as incurred and are classified in SGA expense. R&D
         includes expenditures for new product and process innovation, as well as significant technological improvements to
         existing products and processes. The Company’s R&D expenditures primarily consist of internal salaries, wages,
         consulting, and supplies attributable to time spent on R&D activities. Other costs include depreciation and maintenance
         of research facilities and equipment, including assets at manufacturing locations that are temporarily engaged in pilot
         plant activities.

         Stock-based compensation
         The Company uses stock-based compensation, including stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, and
         executive performance shares, to provide long-term performance incentives for its global workforce.

         The Company classifies pre-tax stock compensation expense in SGA and COGS within its corporate operations.
         Expense attributable to awards of equity instruments is recorded in capital in excess of par value in the Consolidated
         Balance Sheet.

         Certain of the Company’s stock-based compensation plans contain provisions that prorate vesting of awards upon
         retirement, disability, or death of eligible employees and directors. A stock-based award is considered vested for
         expense attribution purposes when the employee’s retention of the award is no longer contingent on providing
         subsequent service. Accordingly, the Company recognizes compensation cost immediately for awards granted to
         retirement-eligible individuals or over the period from the grant date to the date retirement eligibility is achieved, if less
         than the stated vesting period.

         The Company recognizes compensation cost for stock option awards that have a graded vesting schedule on a
         straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award.

         Income taxes
         The Company recognizes uncertain tax positions based on a benefit recognition model. Provided that the tax position is
         deemed more likely than not of being sustained, the Company recognizes the largest amount of tax benefit that is
         greater than 50 percent likely of being ultimately realized upon settlement. The tax position is derecognized when it is
         no longer more likely than not of being sustained. The Company classifies income tax-related interest and penalties as
         interest expense and SGA expense, respectively, on the Consolidated Statement of Income. The current portion of the
         Company’s unrecognized tax benefits is presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet in other current assets and other
         current liabilities, and the amounts expected to be settled after one year are recorded in other assets and other
         liabilities.




107 sur 189                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         Management monitors the Company’s ability to utilize certain future tax deductions, operating losses and tax credit
         carryforwards, prior to expiration as well as the reinvestment assertion regarding our undistributed foreign earnings.
         Changes resulting from management’s assessment will result in impacts to deferred tax assets and the corresponding
         impacts on the effective income tax rate. Valuation allowances were recorded to reduce deferred tax assets to an
         amount that will, more likely than not, be realized in the future.




                                                                   62




108 sur 189                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Derivative Instruments
         The fair value of derivative instruments is recorded in other current assets, other assets, other current liabilities or other
         liabilities.

         Derivative instruments are classified on the Consolidated Balance Sheet based on the contractual maturity of the
         instrument or the timing of the underlying cash flows of the instrument for derivatives with contractual maturities beyond
         one year. Any collateral associated with derivative instruments is classified as other assets or other current liabilities on
         the Consolidated Balance Sheet depending on whether the counterparty collateral is in an asset or liability position.
         Margin deposits related to exchange-traded commodities are recorded in accounts receivable, net on the Consolidated
         Balance Sheet. On the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows, cash flows associated with derivative instruments are
         classified according to the nature of the underlying hedged item. Cash flows associated with collateral and margin
         deposits on exchange-traded commodities are classified as investing cash flows when the collateral account is in an
         asset position and as financing cash flows when the collateral account is in a liability position.

         Gains and losses representing either hedge ineffectiveness, hedge components excluded from the assessment of
         effectiveness, or hedges of translational exposure are recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Income in other
         income (expense), net (OIE) or interest expense.

         Cash flow hedges. Qualifying derivatives are accounted for as cash flow hedges when the hedged item is a forecasted
         transaction. Gains and losses on these instruments are recorded in other comprehensive income until the underlying
         transaction is recorded in earnings. When the hedged item is realized, gains or losses are reclassified from
         accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (AOCI) to the Consolidated Statement of Income on the same line
         item as the underlying hedged transaction.

         Fair value hedges. Qualifying derivatives are accounted for as fair value hedges when the hedged item is a recognized
         asset, liability, or firm commitment. Gains and losses on these instruments are recorded in earnings, offsetting gains
         and losses on the hedged item.

         Net investment hedges. Qualifying derivative and nonderivative financial instruments are accounted for as net
         investment hedges when the hedged item is a nonfunctional currency investment in a subsidiary. Gains and losses on
         these instruments are included in foreign currency translation adjustments in AOCI.

         Derivatives not designated for hedge accounting. Gains and losses on these instruments are recorded in the
         Consolidated Statement of Income, on the same line item as the underlying hedged item.

         Foreign currency exchange risk. The Company is exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency cash flows related
         primarily to third-party purchases, intercompany transactions and when applicable, nonfunctional currency
         denominated third-party debt. The Company is also exposed to fluctuations in the value of foreign currency
         investments in subsidiaries and cash flows related to repatriation of these investments. Additionally, the Company is
         exposed to volatility in the translation of foreign currency denominated earnings to U.S. dollars. Management assesses
         foreign currency risk based on transactional cash flows and translational volatility and may enter into forward contracts,
         options, and currency swaps to reduce fluctuations in long or short currency positions.
         Forward contracts and options are generally less than 18 months duration.

         For foreign currency cash flow and fair value hedges, the assessment of effectiveness is generally based on changes
         in spot rates. Changes in time value are reported in OIE.

         Interest rate risk. The Company is exposed to interest rate volatility with regard to future issuances of fixed rate debt
         and existing and future issuances of variable rate debt. The Company periodically uses interest rate swaps, including
         forward-starting swaps, to reduce interest rate volatility and funding costs associated with certain debt issues, and to
         achieve a desired proportion of variable versus fixed rate debt, based on current and projected market conditions.

         Fixed-to-variable interest rate swaps are accounted for as fair value hedges and the assessment of effectiveness is
         based on changes in the fair value of the underlying debt, using incremental borrowing rates currently available on
         loans with similar terms and maturities.



109 sur 189                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         Price risk. The Company is exposed to price fluctuations primarily as a result of anticipated purchases of raw and
         packaging materials, fuel, and energy. The Company has historically used the combination of long-term contracts with
         suppliers, and exchange-traded futures and option contracts to reduce price fluctuations in a desired percentage of
         forecasted raw material purchases over a duration of generally less than 18 months.



                                                                  63




110 sur 189                                                                                                            4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Pension benefits, nonpension postretirement and postemployment benefits
         The Company sponsors a number of U.S. and foreign plans to provide pension, health care, and other welfare benefits
         to retired employees, as well as salary continuance, severance, and long-term disability to former or inactive
         employees.

         The recognition of benefit expense is based on actuarial assumptions, such as discount rate, long-term rate of
         compensation increase, and long-term rate of return on plan assets and health care cost trend rate. Service cost is
         reported in COGS and SGA expense on the Consolidated Statement of Income. All other components of net periodic
         pension cost are included in OIE.

         Postemployment benefits. The Company recognizes an obligation for postemployment benefit plans that vest or
         accumulate with service. Obligations associated with the Company’s postemployment benefit plans, which are
         unfunded, are included in other current liabilities and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. All gains and
         losses are recognized over the average remaining service period of active plan participants.

         Postemployment benefits that do not vest or accumulate with service or benefits to employees in excess of those
         specified in the respective plans are expensed as incurred.

         Pension and nonpension postretirement benefits. The Company recognizes actuarial gains and losses in operating
         results in the year in which they occur. Experience gains and losses are recognized annually as of the measurement
         date, which is the Company’s fiscal year-end, or when remeasurement is otherwise required under generally accepted
         accounting principles. The Company uses the fair value of plan assets to calculate the expected return on plan assets.

         Reportable segments are allocated service cost. All other components of pension and postretirement benefit expense,
         including interest cost, expected return on assets, prior service cost, and experience gains and losses are considered
         unallocated corporate costs and are not included in the measure of reportable segment operating results. See Note 17
         for more information on reportable segments. Management reviews the Company’s expected long-term rates of return
         annually; however, the benefit trust investment performance for one particular year does not, by itself, significantly
         influence this evaluation. The expected rates of return are generally not revised provided these rates fall between the
         25th and 75th percentile of expected long-term returns, as determined by the Company’s modeling process.

         For defined benefit pension and postretirement plans, the Company records the net overfunded or underfunded
         position as a pension asset or pension liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

         Leases
         The Company leases certain warehouses, equipment, vehicles, and office space primarily through operating lease
         agreements. Finance lease obligations and activity are not material to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Lease
         obligations are primarily for real estate assets, with the remainder related to manufacturing and distribution related
         equipment, vehicles, information technology equipment, and rail cars. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less
         are not recorded on the balance sheet.

         A portion of the Company's real estate leases include future variable rental payments that include inflationary
         adjustment factors. The future variability of these adjustments is unknown and therefore not included in the minimum
         lease payments. The Company's lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material
         restrictive covenants.

         The leases have remaining terms which range from less than 1 year to 19 years and the majority of leases provide the
         Company with the option to exercise one or more renewal terms. The length of the lease term used in recording lease
         assets and lease liabilities is based on the contractually required lease term adjusted for any options to renew or early
         terminate the lease that are reasonably certain of being executed.

         The Company combines lease and non-lease components together in determining the minimum lease payments for the
         majority of leases. The Company has elected to not combine lease and non-lease components for assets controlled



111 sur 189                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         indirectly through third party service-related agreements that include significant production related costs. The Company
         has closely analyzed these agreements to ensure any embedded costs related to the securing of the leased asset is
         properly segregated and accounted for in measuring the lease assets and liabilities.




                                                                   64




112 sur 189                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         The majority of the leases do not include a stated interest rate, and therefore the Company's periodic incremental
         borrowing rate is used to determine the present value of lease payments. This rate is calculated based on a
         collateralized rate for the specific currencies used in leasing activities and the borrowing ability of the applicable
         Company legal entity.

         Accounting standards to be adopted in future periods
         Supplier Finance Programs: Disclosure of Supplier Finance Program Obligations. In September 2022, the FASB issued
         an ASU to improve the disclosures of supplier finance programs. Specifically, the ASU requires disclosure of key terms
         of the supplier finance programs and a rollforward of the related obligations. The amendments in this ASU do not affect
         the recognition, measurement, or financial statement presentation of obligations covered by supplier finance programs.
         The ASU is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2022,
         except for the amendment on rollforward information, which is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
         2023. Early adoption is permitted. The Company has historically presented information regarding the nature and
         amount of outstanding Accounts Payable obligations confirmed into supplier finance programs within the Accounting
         Policies note of the financial statements. The Company is currently assessing the impact of any incremental
         disclosures required by this ASU and the planned timing of adoption.

         NOTE 2
         PROPOSED SEPARATION TRANSACTIONS

         On June 21, 2022, the Company announced its intent to separate its North American cereal and plant-based foods
         businesses, via tax-free spin-offs, with a target to complete the transactions by the end of 2023, resulting in three
         independent public companies, each better positioned to unlock their full standalone potential. After exploring strategic
         options, the Company has decided to retain its plant-based business.

         We cannot assure that the North American cereal transaction will be completed on the anticipated timeline or at all or
         that the terms of the separation will not change. The transaction will follow the satisfaction of customary conditions,
         including reviews and final approval by Kellogg’s Board of Directors, receipt of an Internal Revenue Service ruling and
         relevant tax opinions with respect to the tax-free nature of the transaction, effectiveness of appropriate filings with the
         U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, and the completion of audited financials of the new independent company.

         The Company incurred pre-tax charges related to the proposed separation of $61 million for the year ended
         December 31, 2022, including $4 million in COGS and $57 million in SGA expense. These charges were primarily
         related to legal and consulting costs.

         NOTE 3
         SALE OF ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE

         The Company has a program in which a discrete group of customers are allowed to extend their payment terms in
         exchange for the elimination of early payment discounts (Extended Terms Program).

         The Company has two Receivable Sales Agreements (Monetization Programs) described below, which are intended to
         directly offset the impact the Extended Terms Program would have on the days-sales-outstanding (DSO) metric that is
         critical to the effective management of the Company's accounts receivable balance and overall working capital. The
         Monetization Programs are designed to effectively offset the impact on working capital of the Extended Terms Program.
         The Monetization Programs sell, on a revolving basis, certain trade accounts receivable invoices to third party financial
         institutions. Transfers under these agreements are accounted for as sales of receivables resulting in the receivables
         being de-recognized from the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Monetization Programs provide for the continuing sale
         of certain receivables on a revolving basis until terminated by either party; however, the maximum receivables that may
         be sold at any time is approximately $920 million. During 2022 the Company amended the agreements to decrease the
         previous maximum receivables sold limit from approximately $1.1 billion as of January 1,2022.




113 sur 189                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         The Company has no retained interest in the receivables sold, however the Company does have collection and
         administrative responsibilities for the sold receivables. The Company has not recorded any servicing assets or liabilities
         as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 for these agreements as the fair value of these servicing arrangements
         as well as the fees earned were not material to the financial statements.




                                                                    65




114 sur 189                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Accounts receivable sold of $865 million and $549 million remained outstanding under these arrangements as of
         December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively. The proceeds from these sales of receivables are included in
         cash from operating activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. The recorded net loss on sale of
         receivables was $23 million, $8 million and $14 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and
         January 2, 2021, respectively. The recorded loss is included in OIE.

         Other programs
         Additionally, from time to time certain of the Company's foreign subsidiaries will transfer, without recourse, accounts
         receivable balances of certain customers to financial institutions. These transactions are accounted for as sales of the
         receivables resulting in the receivables being de-recognized from the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Accounts
         receivable sold of $31 million and $66 million remained outstanding under these programs as of December 31, 2022
         and January 1, 2022, respectively. The proceeds from these sales of receivables are included in cash from operating
         activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. The recorded net loss on the sale of these receivables is
         included in OIE and is not material.



         NOTE 4
         INVESTMENTS IN UNCONSOLIDATED ENTITIES AND DIVESTITURES

         West Africa investments
         The Company holds a 50% ownership interest in Tolaram Africa Foods, PTE LTD (TAF), a holding company with a 49%
         interest in Dufil Prima Foods, Plc, a food manufacturer in West Africa. The investment in TAF is accounted for under
         the equity method of accounting and comprises substantially all of the investment in unconsolidated entities balance on
         the Consolidated Balance Sheet. TAF, and other entities affiliated with TAF, are suppliers to Multipro, a consolidated
         subsidiary in West Africa. The related trade payables are generally settled on a monthly basis. These suppliers' net
         sales, totaling $900 million and $721 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively,
         consist primarily of inventory purchases by Multipro.

         Russia
         In December 2022 the Company entered into an agreement to sell our Russian business to a third party, pending a
         number of local government regulatory approvals. The business is a part of our Europe reportable segment. The
         pending sale includes the entirety of the Company’s operations in Russia and will result in a complete exit from the
         market. Although the Company has entered into a definitive agreement to sell its Russian business, there is no
         assurance that we will obtain the necessary regulatory approvals or that the other conditions to complete the sale will
         be satisfied.

         At the end of 2022 the pending sale did not meet the criteria for held for sale accounting due to uncertainty related to
         the evolving regulatory approvals that are required in order to complete the transaction. If approved, the Company
         expects to incur a loss on the transaction due to the release of historical foreign currency translation adjustments
         (CTA). The net book value of the assets related to the Russian business, including historical CTA losses, represents
         less than 1% of total Company assets as of December 31, 2022. The Kellogg business in Russia represents
         approximately 1% of consolidated Kellogg company net sales.



                                                                     66




115 sur 189                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                                       https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         NOTE 5
         GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

         Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
         Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill, intangible assets subject to amortization, consisting primarily of customer
         relationships, and indefinite-lived intangible assets, consisting of brands and distribution agreements, are presented in
         the following tables:

         Carrying amount of goodwill
                                                                                                         North                Latin
          (millions)                                                                                    America    Europe    America    AMEA     Consolidated
          January 2, 2021                                                                             $   4,423 $      367 $      180 $    829 $         5,799
            Acquisition                                                                                        —        —           —       33              33
            Currency translation adjustment                                                                    —       (17)         (9)    (35)            (61)
          January 1, 2022                                                                             $   4,423 $      350 $      171 $    827 $         5,771
            Currency translation adjustment                                                                    (3)     (22)          6     (66)            (85)
          December 31, 2022                                                                           $   4,420 $      328 $      177 $    761 $         5,686



         Other intangible assets
                                                                                   2022                                                       2021
                                                                     Gross      Accumulated                                                Accumulated
          (millions)                                                Amount      Amortization Net Amount                      Gross Amount Amortization    Net Amount
          Intangibles subject to amortization (a)                 $       489 $         (162) $      327                     $        521 $       (143) $         378
          Intangibles not subject to amortization                 $     1,969 $            — $     1,969                     $      2,031 $          — $        2,031
         (a) The currently estimated aggregate amortization expense for each of the next five succeeding fiscal periods is approximately $25 million per year through 2027.


         The change in intangible asset values presented in the table above include the impact of foreign currency translation
         adjustments.

         Annual impairment testing
         At December 31, 2022, goodwill and other intangible assets amounted to $8.0 billion, consisting primarily of goodwill
         and brands. Within this total, approximately $2.0 billion of non-goodwill intangible assets were classified as indefinite-
         lived, including $1.7 billion related to trademarks, comprised principally of Pringles and cracker-related trademarks. The
         majority of all goodwill and other intangible assets are recorded in our North America reporting unit. The Company
         currently believes the fair value of goodwill and other significant intangible assets exceeds their carrying value and that
         those intangibles so classified will contribute indefinitely to cash flows. The Company's impairment testing performed
         through the fourth quarter of 2022 consisted of qualitative testing for all reporting unit goodwill and all significant
         indefinite-lived intangible assets, except for one brand, for which quantitative testing was performed. No heightened
         risk or qualitative indicators of impairment of any significant individual intangible assets or reporting units was identified.

         The Company has $184 million at December 31, 2022 related to one brand in the North America operating segment
         that primarily relates to snack category products. In performing the quantitative test of this brand, fair value was
         determined using a relief from royalty valuation method that includes estimates, and significant assumptions, of future
         cash flows to be generated from that asset based on estimates of future sales, royalty rate and discount rate consistent
         with rates used by market participants. The Company determined the fair value of this brand exceeds its carrying value
         and no heightened risk of impairment exists for the asset.




116 sur 189                                                                                                                                                         4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231         https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




              67




117 sur 189                                                        4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         NOTE 6
         RESTRUCTURING PROGRAMS

         Periodically, the Company may initiate a restructuring program to achieve its long-term profit growth targets. Initiatives
         undertaken are currently expected to recover cash implementation costs within a 3 to 5-year period subsequent to
         completion. Completion (or as each major stage is completed in the case of multi-year programs), is when the project
         begins to deliver cash savings and/or reduced depreciation.

         During 2021, the Company announced a reconfiguration of the North America reportable segment supply chain
         network, designed to drive increased productivity. The project is expected to be substantially completed by early 2024,
         with related productivity improvements commencing in 2023. The overall project is expected to result in cumulative
         pretax charges of approximately $45 million, which include employee-related costs of $4 million, other cash costs of
         $21 million and non-cash costs, primarily consisting of accelerated depreciation and asset write-off's, of $20 million.
         Charges incurred related to this restructuring program were approximately $6 million and $5 million during 2022 and
         2021, respectively. These charges primarily related to severance, accelerated depreciation and asset write-offs, and
         were recorded in COGS. Total program costs to date for the life of this project was $11 million as of December 31,
         2022.

         In addition to the project discussed above, the Company incurred restructuring costs in each of its reportable segments
         related to various reorganization and simplification initiatives and supply chain optimization projects. The Company
         recorded total restructuring charges of $11 million, $27 million and $29 million across all restructuring programs during
         2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, primarily related to employee severance charges, accelerated depreciation and
         asset write-offs.

         At December 31, 2022 total project reserves were $11 million, related to severance payments, of which a substantial
         portion will be paid in 2023.

         NOTE 7
         EQUITY
         Earnings per share
         Basic earnings per share is determined by dividing net income attributable to Kellogg Company by the weighted
         average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is similarly determined,
         except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been
         outstanding if all dilutive potential common shares had been issued. Dilutive potential common shares consist
         principally of employee stock options issued by the Company, restricted stock units, and to a lesser extent, certain
         contingently issuable performance shares. The total number of anti-dilutive potential common shares excluded from the
         reconciliation for each period was (shares in millions): 2022-2.9; 2021-10.6; 2020-7.3.

         Stock transactions
         The Company issues shares to employees and directors under various equity-based compensation and stock purchase
         programs, as further discussed in Note 10.

         In February 2020, the board of directors approved a new authorization to repurchase up to $1.5 billion of the
         Company's common stock through December 2022. In December 2022, the Board of Directors approved a new
         authorization to repurchase up to $1.5 billion of our common stock through December 2025.

         During 2022, the Company repurchased 5 million shares of common stock for a total of $300 million. During 2021, the
         Company repurchased 4 million shares of common stock for a total of $240 million. During 2020, the Company didn't
         repurchase any shares of common stock.

         Comprehensive income
         Comprehensive income includes net income and all other changes in equity during a period except those resulting from
         investments by or distributions to shareholders. Other comprehensive income consists of foreign currency translation



118 sur 189                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         adjustments, fair value adjustments associated with cash flow hedges, which are recorded in interest expense within
         the statement of income, upon reclassification from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (AOCI), adjustments
         for net experience gains (losses), prior service credit (costs) related to employee benefit plans and adjustments for
         unrealized (gains) losses on available-for-sale securities, which are recorded in other income (expense) within the
         statement of income, upon reclassification from AOCI. The related tax effects of these items are recorded in income tax
         expense within the statement of income, upon reclassification from AOCI.




                                                                   68




119 sur 189                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 consisted of the
         following:
          (millions)                                                                                         December 31, 2022                January 1, 2022
          Foreign currency translation adjustments                                                           $          (2,111)           $              (1,748)
          Net investment hedges gain (loss)                                                                                282                               67
          Cash flow hedges — net deferred gain (loss)                                                                      150                              (13)
          Postretirement and postemployment benefits:
            Net experience gain (loss)                                                                                           2                           (1)
            Prior service credit (cost)                                                                                        (27)                         (26)
          Available-for-sale securities unrealized net gain (loss)                                                              (4)                          —
          Total accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)                                                $              (1,708)       $              (1,721)



         NOTE 8
         LEASES AND OTHER COMMITMENTS

         The Company recorded operating lease costs of $136 million, $139 million and $135 million for the years ended
         December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021, respectively. Lease related costs associated with variable
         rent, short-term leases, and sale-leaseback arrangements, as well as sublease income, are each immaterial.

                                                                                                 Year ended           Year ended January         Year ended January
          (millions)                                                                          December 31, 2022             1, 2022                    2, 2021
          Other information
          Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities:
            Operating cash flows from operating leases                                       $               125      $               138        $                 141
          Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities
            New leases                                                                       $                   86   $                   60     $                 144
            Modified leases                                                                  $                   27   $                   53     $                  84

          Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases                                 7 years                 8 years
          Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases                                         2.9%                    2.7%



         At December 31, 2022 future maturities of operating leases were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                 Operating
          (millions)                                                                                                                              leases
          2023                                                                                                                        $                        134
          2024                                                                                                                                                 113
          2025                                                                                                                                                 102
          2026                                                                                                                                                  78
          2027                                                                                                                                                  61
          2028 and beyond                                                                                                                                      182
          Total minimum payments                                                                                                      $                        670
              Less interest                                                                                                                                    (63)
          Present value of lease liabilities                                                                                          $                        607



         Operating lease payments presented in the table above exclude $81 million of minimum lease payments for real-estate
         leases signed but not yet commenced as of December 31, 2022. The leases are expected to commence in 2023.




                                                                                     69


120 sur 189                                                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231    https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




121 sur 189                                                   4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                          https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         At December 31, 2022, future minimum annual lease commitments under non-cancelable finance leases were
         immaterial.

         The Company has provided various standard indemnifications in agreements to sell and purchase business assets and
         lease facilities over the past several years, related primarily to pre-existing tax, environmental, and employee benefit
         obligations. Certain of these indemnifications are limited by agreement in either amount and/or term and others are
         unlimited. The Company has also provided various “hold harmless” provisions within certain service type agreements.
         Because the Company is not currently aware of any actual exposures associated with these indemnifications,
         management is unable to estimate the maximum potential future payments to be made. At December 31, 2022, the
         Company had not recorded any liability related to these indemnifications.

         NOTE 9
         DEBT

         The following table presents the components of notes payable at year end December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022:
          (millions)                                                         2022                                               2021
                                                           Principal                  Effective              Principal                   Effective
                                                           amount                   interest rate            amount                    interest rate
          U.S. commercial paper                      $                 330                      4.46 % $                   —                            —%
          Bank borrowings                                              137                                                137
          Total                                      $                 467                               $                137

         The following table presents the components of subordinated long-term debt at year end December 31, 2022 and
         January 1, 2022:
          (millions)                                                                                          2022                        2021
          4.50% $650 million U.S. Dollar Notes due 2046                                              $                     639    $                      638
          7.45% $625 million U.S. Dollar Debentures due 2031                                                               622                           622
          2.10% $500 million U.S. Dollar Notes due 2030                                                                    497                           496
          0.50% €300 million Euro Notes due 2029                                                                           317                           338
          4.30% $600 million U.S. Dollar Notes due 2028                                                                    539                           592
          3.40% $600 million U.S. Dollar Notes due 2027                                                                    597                           596
          3.25% $750 million U.S. Dollar Notes due 2026                                                                    745                           744
          1.25% €600 million Euro Notes due 2025                                                                           648                           693
          1.00% €600 million Euro Notes due 2024                                                                           617                           695
          2.65% $600 million U.S. Dollar Notes due 2023                                                                    547                           545
          2.75% $400 million U.S. Dollar Notes due 2023                                                                    210                           207
          0.80% €600 million Euro Notes due 2022                                                                            —                            682
             Other                                                                                                         119                           126
                                                                                                                         6,097                         6,974
          Less current maturities                                                                                         (780)                         (712)
          Balance at year end                                                                        $                   5,317    $                    6,262



         In November 2022, the Company repaid the €600 million, five-year 0.80% Euro Notes due 2022, upon maturity.

         All of the Company’s Notes contain customary covenants that limit the ability of the Company and its restricted
         subsidiaries (as defined) to incur certain liens or enter into certain sale and lease-back transactions and also contain a
         change of control provision. There are no significant restrictions on the payment of dividends by the Company. The
         Company was in compliance with all these covenants as of December 31, 2022.

         The Company and two of its subsidiaries (the Issuers) maintain a program under which the Issuers may issue euro-
         commercial paper notes up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $750 million or its equivalent in
         alternative currencies. The notes may have maturities ranging up to 364 days and will be senior unsecured obligations



122 sur 189                                                                                                                                     4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         of the applicable Issuer. Notes issued by subsidiary Issuers will be guaranteed by the Company. The notes may be
         issued at a discount or may bear fixed or floating rate interest or a coupon calculated by reference to an index or
         formula. There were no commercial paper notes outstanding under this program as of December 31, 2022 and
         January 1, 2022.




                                                                   70




123 sur 189                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         At December 31, 2022, the Company had $3.1 billion of short-term lines of credit and letters of credit, of which $3.0
         billion were unused and available for borrowing primarily on an unsecured basis. These lines were comprised
         principally of the December 2021 unsecured $1.5 billion Five-Year Credit Agreement, which expires in December 2026,
         and an unsecured $1.0 billion 364-Day Credit Agreement.

         The Five-Year Credit Agreement allows the Company to borrow, on a revolving credit basis, up to $1.5 billion, which
         includes the ability to obtain European swingline loans in an aggregate principal amount up to the equivalent of $300
         million. In December 2021, the Company terminated the original Five-Year Credit Agreement, which was originally set
         to expire in January of 2023, and entered into a new Five-Year Credit Agreement, which expires in December 2026.

         In December 2022, the Company entered into an unsecured 364-Day Credit Agreement to borrow, on a revolving credit
         basis, up to $1.0 billion at any time outstanding, and terminated the $1.0 billion 364-day facility that was originally set to
         expire in December 2022.

         The Five-Year and 364 Day Credit Agreements which had no outstanding borrowings as December 31, 2022, contain
         customary covenants and warranties, including specified restrictions on indebtedness, liens and a specified interest
         expense coverage ratio. If an event of default occurs, then, to the extent permitted, the administrative agents may
         terminate the commitments under the credit facilities, accelerate any outstanding loans under the agreements, and
         demand the deposit of cash collateral equal to the lender's letter of credit exposure plus interest. The Company was in
         compliance with all financial covenants contained in these agreements at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022.

         Scheduled principal repayments on long-term debt are (in millions): 2023–$783; 2024–$655; 2025–$654; 2026–$764;
         2027–$614; 2028 and beyond–$2,733.

         Financial institutions have issued standby letters of credit conditionally guaranteeing obligations on behalf of the
         Company totaling $116 million, including $74 million secured and $42 million unsecured, as of December 31, 2022.
         These obligations are related primarily to insurance programs. There were no amounts drawn down on the letters of
         credit as of December 31, 2022.

         The Company has issued guarantees for a certain portion of debt of unconsolidated affiliates. These arrangements
         include cross guarantees back from the other shareholder in proportion to their ownership of the unconsolidated
         affiliates. These guarantees are not material to the Company.

         Interest expense capitalized as part of the construction cost of fixed assets was immaterial for all periods presented.

         NOTE 10
         STOCK COMPENSATION

         The Company uses various equity-based compensation programs to provide long-term performance incentives for its
         global workforce. Currently, these incentives consist principally of stock options, restricted stock units and executive
         performance shares. The Company also sponsors a discounted stock purchase plan in the United States and
         matching-grant programs in several international locations. Additionally, the Company awards restricted stock to its
         outside directors. These awards are administered through several plans, as described within this Note.

         The 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan (2022 Plan), approved by shareholders in April 2022, permits awards to
         employees and officers in the form of incentive and non-qualified stock options, performance units, restricted stock or
         restricted stock units, and stock appreciation rights. Through February 2022, the 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan (2017)
         had a remaining 12.2 million remaining authorized by unissued shares which was replaced by the 2022 Plan. The 2022
         Plan authorizes the issuance of a total of 12.4 million shares. At December 31, 2022, there were 12.2 million remaining
         authorized, but unissued, shares under the 2022 Plan

         In April 2020, the Amended and Restated Kellogg Company 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan was approved by



124 sur 189                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         shareholders, effective July 1, 2020. The plan is a tax-qualified employee stock purchase plan made available to
         substantially all U.S. employees, which allows participants to acquire Kellogg stock at a discounted price. The purpose
         of the plan is to encourage employees at all levels to purchase stock and become shareholders.



                                                                   71




125 sur 189                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Compensation expense for all types of equity-based programs and the related income tax benefit recognized were as
         follows:
          (millions)                                                                         2022               2021                2020
          Pre-tax compensation expense                                                 $            102   $              75    $            81
          Related income tax benefit                                                   $             27   $              20    $            21

         As of December 31, 2022, total stock-based compensation cost related to non-vested awards not yet recognized was
         $134 million and the weighted-average period over which this amount is expected to be recognized was 2 years.

         Cash flows realized upon exercise or vesting of stock-based awards in the periods presented are included in the
         following table. Tax windfall (shortfall) realized upon exercise or vesting of stock-based awards generally represent the
         difference between the grant date fair value of an award and the taxable compensation of an award.

         Cash used by the Company to settle equity instruments granted under stock-based awards was not material.
          (millions)                                                                         2022               2021                2020
          Total cash received from option exercises and similar instruments            $            277   $              63    $            112
          Tax windfall (shortfall) classified as cash flow from operating activities   $              3   $              (3)   $              2

         Shares used to satisfy stock-based awards are normally issued out of treasury stock, although management is
         authorized to issue new shares to the extent permitted by respective plan provisions. Refer to Note 7 for information on
         shares issued during the periods presented to employees and directors under various long-term incentive plans and
         share repurchases under the Company’s stock repurchase authorizations. The Company does not currently have a
         policy of repurchasing a specified number of shares issued under employee benefit programs during any particular time
         period.

         Performance Shares and Restricted Stock Units
         During the periods presented, stock-based awards consisted principally of performance shares and restricted stock
         units granted under the 2022 and 2017 Plans.

         In the first quarter of 2022, the Company granted performance share units to eligible employees, which entitle these
         employees to receive a specified number of shares of the Company's common stock upon vesting, as well as dividend
         equivalent shares. The number of shares earned could range between 0 and 200% of the target amount depending
         upon performance achieved over the three year performance period. The performance conditions of the award include
         net sales growth and cash flow related targets. Dividend equivalents accrue and vest in accordance with the underlying
         award. The 2022 target performance share unit currently corresponds to approximately 747,000 shares, with a grant-
         date fair value of $66 per share.

         In 2021, the Company granted performance share units to a limited number of senior level employees, which entitle
         these employees to receive a specified number of shares of the Company's common stock upon vesting, as well as
         dividend equivalent shares. The number of shares earned could range between 0 and 200% of the target amount
         depending upon performance achieved over the three year performance period. The performance conditions of the
         award include net sales growth and cash flow related targets. Dividend equivalents accrue and vest in accordance with
         the underlying award. The 2021 target performance share unit currently corresponds to approximately 365,000 shares,
         with a grant-date fair value of $58 per share.

         In 2020, the Company granted performance shares to a limited number of senior level employees, which entitle these
         employees to receive a specified number of shares of the Company's common stock upon vesting, as well as dividend
         equivalent shares. The number of shares earned could range between 0 and 200% of the target amount depending
         upon performance achieved over the three year performance period. The performance conditions of the award include
         net sales growth and cash flow related targets. Dividend equivalents accrue and vest in accordance with the underlying
         award. The 2020 target performance share unit grant currently corresponds to approximately 294,000 shares, with a
         grant-date fair value of $66 per share.



126 sur 189                                                                                                                            4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         Based on the market price of the Company’s common stock at year-end 2022, the maximum future value that could be
         awarded on the vesting date was (in millions): 2022 award–$106; 2021 award– $52; and 2020 award–$42. The 2019
         performance share award, payable in stock, was settled at 112% of target in February 2022 for a total dollar equivalent
         of $15 million.



                                                                   72




127 sur 189                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         The Company also grants restricted stock units to eligible employees, typically with three-year cliff vesting earning
         dividend equivalent units for awards granted beginning in 2019. Dividend equivalents accrue and vest in accordance
         with the underlying award. Management estimates the fair value of restricted stock grants based on the market price of
         the underlying stock on the date of grant. A summary of restricted stock unit activity for the year ended December 31,
         2022, is presented in the following table:
                                                                                                                      Weighted-average grant-
                                                                                                                          date fair value
          Employee restricted stock units                                                Shares (thousands)
          Non-vested, beginning of year                                                                 1,786    $                         60
          Granted                                                                                         709                              67
          Vested                                                                                         (619)                             57
          Forfeited                                                                                      (215)                             62
          Non-vested, end of year                                                                       1,661    $                         64

         Additionally, restricted stock unit activity for 2021 and 2020 is presented in the following table:
          Employee restricted stock units                                                            2021                        2020
          Shares (in thousands):
          Non-vested, beginning of year                                                                     1,736                       1,901
           Granted                                                                                            727                         596
           Vested                                                                                            (489)                       (504)
           Forfeited                                                                                         (188)                       (257)
          Non-vested, end of year                                                                           1,786                       1,736
          Weighted-average exercise price:
          Non-vested, beginning of year                                                     $                    61     $                  61
           Granted                                                                                               58                        65
           Vested                                                                                                63                        65
           Forfeited                                                                                             60                        58
          Non-vested, end of year                                                           $                    60     $                  61

         The total fair value of restricted stock units vesting in the periods presented was (in millions): 2022–$41; 2021–$29;
         2020–$34.

         Stock options
         During 2020 and 2021, non-qualified stock options were granted to eligible employees under the 2017 Plans with
         exercise prices equal to the fair market value of the Company’s stock on the grant date, a contractual term of ten years,
         and a three-year graded vesting period. During 2022, the Company did not grant non-qualified stock options to eligible
         employees. The non-qualified stock option grant was replaced with performance shares for the population of Long-
         Term Incentive grantees.

         Management estimates the fair value of each annual stock option award on the date of grant using a lattice-based
         option valuation model. Composite assumptions are presented in the following table. Weighted-average values are
         disclosed for certain inputs which incorporate a range of assumptions. Expected volatilities are based principally on
         historical volatility of the Company’s stock, and to a lesser extent, on implied volatilities from traded options on the
         Company’s stock. Historical volatility corresponds to the contractual term of the options granted. The Company uses
         historical data to estimate option exercise and employee termination within the valuation models; separate groups of
         employees that have similar historical exercise behavior are considered separately for valuation purposes. The
         expected term of options granted represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding; the
         weighted-average expected term for all employee groups is presented in the following table. The risk-free rate for
         periods within the contractual life of the options is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant.




128 sur 189                                                                                                                          4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                      https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


          Stock option valuation model
          assumptions for grants within the
          year ended:                                                                 2021                  2020
            Weighted-average expected volatility                                             20.00 %               18.00 %
            Weighted-average expected term (years)                                                6.7                   6.7
            Weighted-average risk-free interest rate                                          0.96 %                1.35 %
            Dividend yield                                                                    3.90 %                3.40 %
          Weighted-average fair value of options granted                     $                6.39    $             7.34




                                                           73




129 sur 189                                                                                                        4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                    https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         A summary of option activity for the year ended December 31, 2022 is presented in the following table:
                                                                                                   Weighted-
                                                                              Weighted-              average               Aggregate
          Employee and                                                        average               remaining               intrinsic
          director stock                               Shares                 exercise             contractual               value
          options                                     (millions)               price               term (yrs.)             (millions)
          Outstanding, beginning of year                           15    $                64
            Granted                                                —                      —
            Exercised                                              (4)                    61
            Forfeitures and expirations                            (1)                    63
          Outstanding, end of year                                 10    $                65                     5.3 $                  26
          Exercisable, end of year                                  8    $                67                     4.7 $                  16

         Additionally, option activity for the comparable prior year periods is presented in the following table:
          (millions, except per share data)                                                           2021                   2020
          Outstanding, beginning of year                                                                         14                     14
           Granted                                                                                                3                      3
           Exercised                                                                                             (1)                    (2)
           Forfeitures and expirations                                                                           (1)                    (1)
          Outstanding, end of year                                                                               15                     14
          Exercisable, end of year                                                                               10                     10
          Weighted-average exercise price:
          Outstanding, beginning of year                                                       $                 65    $                65
           Granted                                                                                               58                     65
           Exercised                                                                                             56                     59
           Forfeitures and expirations                                                                           66                     68
          Outstanding, end of year                                                             $                 64    $                65
          Exercisable, end of year                                                             $                 66    $                66

         The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the periods presented was (in millions): 2022–$44; 2021–$6;
         2020–$17.


         NOTE 11
         PENSION BENEFITS
         The Company sponsors a number of U.S. and foreign pension plans to provide retirement benefits for its employees.
         The majority of these plans are funded or unfunded defined benefit plans, although the Company does participate in a
         limited number of multiemployer or other defined contribution plans for certain employee groups. See Note 13 for more
         information regarding the Company’s participation in multiemployer plans. Defined benefits for salaried employees are
         generally based on salary and years of service, while union employee benefits are generally a negotiated amount for
         each year of service. The Company uses a December 31 measurement date for these plans and, when necessary,
         adjusts for plan contributions and significant events between December 31 and its fiscal year-end.



                                                                         74




130 sur 189                                                                                                                       4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Obligations and funded status
         The aggregate change in projected benefit obligation, plan assets, and funded status is presented in the following
         tables.
          (millions)                                                                               2022                  2021
          Change in projected benefit obligation
          Beginning of year                                                                $                5,236    $          5,675
          Service cost                                                                                         34                  36
          Interest cost                                                                                       127                  98
          Plan participants’ contributions                                                                     —                    1
          Amendments                                                                                            3                  18
          Actuarial (gain)loss                                                                             (1,297)               (130)
          Benefits paid                                                                                      (482)               (423)
          Curtailment and special termination benefits                                                         —                   (1)
          Other                                                                                                (1)                 —
          Foreign currency adjustments                                                                       (149)                (38)
          End of year                                                                      $                3,471    $          5,236
          Change in plan assets
          Fair value beginning of year                                                     $                4,959    $          5,211
          Actual return on plan assets                                                                     (1,253)                184
          Employer contributions                                                                                3                   4
          Plan participants’ contributions                                                                      1                   1
          Benefits paid                                                                                      (454)               (397)
          Foreign currency adjustments                                                                       (189)                (44)
          Fair value end of year                                                           $                3,067    $          4,959
          Funded status                                                                    $                 (404)   $           (277)
          Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheet consist of
          Other assets                                                                     $                 320     $            448
          Other current liabilities                                                                          (15)                 (19)
          Pension liability                                                                                 (709)                (706)
          Net amount recognized                                                            $                (404)    $           (277)
          Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income consist of
          Prior service cost                                                               $                  57     $             61
          Net amount recognized                                                            $                  57     $             61

         The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit pension plans was $3.4 billion at December 31, 2022 and
         $5.2 billion at January 1, 2022.

         Information for pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets were:
          (millions)                                                                                2022                 2021
          Projected benefit obligation                                                      $               2,478    $          3,623
          Accumulated benefit obligation                                                    $               2,469    $          3,610
          Fair value of plan assets                                                         $               1,756    $          2,906


         Information for pension plans with projected benefit obligations in excess of plan assets were:
          (millions)                                                                                2022                 2021
          Projected benefit obligation                                                      $               2,545    $          3,707
          Accumulated benefit obligation                                                    $               2,517    $          3,669
          Fair value of plan assets                                                         $               1,821    $          2,984




                                                                        75



131 sur 189                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231    https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




132 sur 189                                                   4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Expense
         The components of pension expense are presented in the following table. Service cost is recorded in COGS and SGA
         expense. All other components of net periodic benefit cost are included in OIE. Pension expense for defined
         contribution plans relates to certain foreign-based defined contribution plans and multiemployer plans in the United
         States in which the Company participates on behalf of certain unionized workforces.
          (millions)                                                          2022                  2021                2020
          Service cost                                                 $                 34    $              36    $            37
          Interest cost                                                                 127                   98                130
          Expected return on plan assets                                               (258)                (301)              (340)
          Amortization of unrecognized prior service cost                                 9                    8                  7
          Other expense (income)                                                         (1)                  —                   8
          Recognized net (gain) loss                                                    210                  (12)               184
          Net periodic benefit cost                                                     121                 (171)                26
          Curtailment and special termination benefits                                   —                    (1)               (15)
          Pension (income) expense:
            Defined benefit plans                                                      121                  (172)                11
            Defined contribution plans                                                   5                     7                 20
            Total                                                      $               126     $            (165)   $            31

         The Company and certain of its subsidiaries sponsor 401(k) or similar savings plans for active employees. Expense
         related to these plans was (in millions): 2022 – $41 million; 2021 – $41 million; 2020 – $42 million. These amounts are
         not included in the preceding expense table. Company contributions to these savings plans approximate annual
         expense. Company contributions to multiemployer and other defined contribution pension plans approximate the
         amount of annual expense presented in the preceding table.

         Assumptions
         The worldwide weighted-average actuarial assumptions used to determine benefit obligations were:
                                                                            2022                   2021                 2020
          Discount rate                                                              5.3 %                 2.6 %               2.2 %
          Long-term rate of compensation increase                                    3.5 %                 3.5 %               3.4 %



         The worldwide weighted-average actuarial assumptions used to determine annual net periodic benefit cost were:
                                                                            2022                   2021                 2020
          Discount rate                                                              3.3 %                 2.3 %               2.8 %
          Discount rate - interest                                                   3.0 %                 1.8 %               2.4 %
          Long-term rate of compensation increase                                    3.5 %                 3.4 %               3.4 %
          Long-term rate of return on plan assets                                    6.0 %                 6.0 %               6.8 %




         To determine the overall expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, the Company models expected returns over
         a 20-year investment horizon with respect to the specific investment mix of its major plans. The return assumptions
         used reflect a combination of rigorous historical performance analysis and forward-looking views of the financial
         markets including consideration of current yields on long-term bonds, price-earnings ratios of the major stock market
         indices, and long-term inflation. The U.S. model, which corresponds to approximately 69% of consolidated pension and
         other postretirement benefit plan assets, incorporates a long-term inflation assumption of 2.5% and an active
         management premium of 0.78% (net of fees) validated by historical analysis. Similar methods are used for various
         foreign plans with invested assets, reflecting local economic conditions. The expected rate of return for 2022 of 6.25%
         for the U.S. plans equated to approximately the 65th percentile expectation. Refer to Note 1.

         In 2019, the Society of Actuaries (SOA) published updated mortality tables and an updated improvement scale. In



133 sur 189                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         2021, the SOA released an updated improvement scale that incorporates an additional year of data. In determining the
         appropriate mortality assumptions as of 2022 fiscal year-end, the Company used the 2019 SOA tables with collar
         adjustments based on Kellogg’s current population, consistent with the prior year. In addition, based on mortality
         information available from the Social Security Administration and other sources, the Company developed assumptions
         for future mortality improvement in line with our expectations for future experience. There were no changes to the year-
         end pension and postretirement benefit obligations due to mortality assumption changes.



                                                                    76




134 sur 189                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         To conduct our annual review of discount rates, we selected the discount rate based on a cash-flow matching analysis
         using Willis Towers Watson’s proprietary RATE:Link tool and projections of the future benefit payments constituting the
         projected benefit obligation for the plans. RATE:Link establishes the uniform discount rate that produces the same
         present value of the estimated future benefit payments, as is generated by discounting each year’s benefit payments
         by a spot rate applicable to that year. We use a December 31 measurement date for our defined benefit plans.
         Accordingly, we select yield curves to measure our benefit obligations that are consistent with market indices during
         December of each year.

         The Company may experience material actuarial gains or losses due to differences between assumed and actual
         experience and due to changing economic conditions. During 2022, the Company recognized a net actuarial loss of
         approximately $210 million driven by lower than expected asset returns and a loss of plan experience, partially offset by
         assumption changes, including increases in the discount rate.

         Plan assets
         The Company categorized Plan assets within a three level fair value hierarchy described as follows:

         Investments stated at fair value as determined by quoted market prices (Level 1) include:

         Cash and cash equivalents: Value based on cost, which approximates fair value.

         Corporate stock, common: Value based on the last sales price on the primary exchange.

         Investments stated at estimated fair value using significant observable inputs (Level 2) include:

         Cash and cash equivalents: Institutional short-term investment vehicles valued daily.

         Mutual funds: Valued at exit prices quoted in active or non-active markets or based on observable inputs.

         Collective trusts: Valued at exit prices quoted in active or non-active markets or based on observable inputs.

         Bonds: Value based on matrices or models from pricing vendors.

         Equity options: Value is based on exit prices quoted in active or non-active markets.

         Investments stated at estimated fair value using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) include:

         Buy-in annuity contract: Valued based on the estimated cost to enter an equivalent contract at the balance sheet date.

         Secure income fund: Valued at exit prices quoted in non-active markets or based on observable inputs.

         The preceding methods described may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable
         value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore, although the Company believes its valuation methods are
         appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to
         determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different fair value measurement at the
         reporting date.

         The Company’s practice regarding the timing of transfers between levels is to measure transfers in at the beginning of
         the month and transfers out at the end of the month. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had no
         transfers between Levels 1 and 2.



                                                                    77




135 sur 189                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                                        https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         The fair value of Plan assets as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 within the fair value hierarchy are as
         follows:
                                                                                                       Fair Value
          (millions)                                                                                Hierarchy Level                 2022                          2021
          Cash and cash equivalents (a)                                                                   1, 2           $                      11     $                      31
          Corporate stock, common                                                                           1                                  199                           318
          Mutual funds:
            Debt                                                                                            2                                    —                            51
          Collective trusts:
            Debt                                                                                           2                                   302                           599
          Bonds, corporate                                                                                 2                                   287                           396
          Bonds, government                                                                                2                                   111                           597
          Bonds, other                                                                                     2                                    66                            87
          Buy-in annuity contract                                                                          3                                   173                           269
          Other (b)                                                                                       2, 3                                  90                           104
          Sub-total                                                                                                      $                   1,239     $                   2,452
          Investments measured at net asset value (NAV) practical expedient (c)                                                              1,828     $                   2,507
          Total plan assets                                                                                              $                   3,067     $                   4,959
         (a) Cash and cash equivalents includes Level 1 assets of $16 million and $36 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively, and Level 2 assets of ($5) million and ($5) million
         for 2022 and 2021, respectively.
         (b) Other includes Level 2 assets of $64 million and $104 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively, and Level 3 assets of $26 million and $0 million for 2022 and 2021,
         respectively.
         (c) Certain assets that are measured at fair value using the NAV per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy.


         There were no unfunded commitments to purchase investments at December 31, 2022 or January 1, 2022.

         The Company’s investment strategy for its major defined benefit plans is to maintain a diversified portfolio of asset
         classes with the primary goal of meeting long-term cash requirements as they become due. Assets are invested in a
         prudent manner to maintain the security of funds while maximizing returns within the Plan’s investment policy. The
         investment policy specifies the type of investment vehicles appropriate for the Plan, asset allocation guidelines, criteria
         for the selection of investment managers, procedures to monitor overall investment performance as well as investment
         manager performance. Derivatives, including swaps, forward and futures contracts, may be used as asset class
         substitutes or for hedging or other risk management purposes. It also provides guidelines enabling Plan fiduciaries to
         fulfill their responsibilities.

         The current weighted-average target asset allocation reflected by this strategy is: equity securities–30%; debt
         securities–38%; real estate and other–32%. Investment in Company common stock represented 2.1% and 1.2% of
         consolidated plan assets at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively. Plan funding strategies are
         influenced by tax regulations and funding requirements. The Company currently expects to contribute, before
         consideration of incremental discretionary contributions, approximately $5 million to its defined benefit pension plans
         during 2023.

         Level 3 gains and losses
         Changes in fair value of the Plan's Level 3 assets are summarized as follows:

          (millions)                                                                               Annuity Contract                                     Other
          January 2, 2021                                                              $                                       280 $                                          —
            Realized and unrealized loss                                                                                        (9)                                           —
            Currency translation                                                                                                (2)                                           —
          January 1, 2022                                                              $                                       269 $                                          —
            Additions                                                                                                           —                                             27
            Realized and unrealized loss                                                                                       (75)                                           (1)
            Currency translation                                                                                               (21)                                           —
          December 31, 2022                                                            $                                       173 $                                          26




136 sur 189                                                                                                                                                           4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         Benefit payments
         The following benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, as appropriate, are expected to be paid (in
         millions): 2023–$269; 2024–$280; 2025–$282; 2026–$283; 2027–$284; 2028 to 2032–$1,431.




                                                                    78




137 sur 189                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         NOTE 12
         NONPENSION POSTRETIREMENT AND POSTEMPLOYMENT BENEFITS

         Postretirement
         The Company sponsors a number of plans to provide health care and other welfare benefits to retired employees in the
         United States and Canada, who have met certain age and service requirements. The majority of these plans are
         funded or unfunded defined benefit plans, although the Company does participate in a limited number of multiemployer
         or other defined contribution plans for certain employee groups. The Company contributes to voluntary employee
         benefit association (VEBA) trusts to fund certain U.S. retiree health and welfare benefit obligations. The Company uses
         a December 31 measurement date for these plans and, when necessary, adjusts for plan contributions and significant
         events between December 31 and its fiscal year-end.

         Obligations and funded status
         The aggregate change in accumulated postretirement benefit obligation, plan assets, and funded status is presented in
         the following tables.
          (millions)                                                                               2022                  2021
          Change in accumulated benefit obligation
          Beginning of year                                                                $               1,065    $           1,157
          Service cost                                                                                        11                   13
          Interest cost                                                                                       24                   20
          Actuarial (gain) loss                                                                             (231)                 (68)
          Benefits paid                                                                                      (54)                 (57)
          Foreign currency adjustments                                                                        (2)                  —
          End of year                                                                      $                 813    $           1,065
          Change in plan assets
          Fair value beginning of year                                                     $               1,608    $           1,491
          Actual return on plan assets                                                                      (325)                 175
          Employer contributions                                                                              20                   16
          Benefits paid                                                                                      (77)                 (74)
          Fair value end of year                                                           $               1,226    $           1,608
          Funded status                                                                    $                 413    $             543
          Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheet consist of
          Other assets                                                                     $                437     $             577
          Other current liabilities                                                                          (2)                   (2)
          Other liabilities                                                                                 (22)                  (32)
          Net amount recognized                                                            $                413     $             543
          Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income consist of
          Prior service credit                                                                               (32)                 (41)
          Net amount recognized                                                            $                 (32)   $             (41)




         Information for postretirement benefit plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets were:
          (millions)                                                                                2022                 2021
          Accumulated benefit obligation                                                    $                 24    $              34
          Fair value of plan assets                                                         $                 —     $              —




                                                                        79




138 sur 189                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Expense
         The components of nonpension postretirement expense are presented in the following table. Service cost is recorded
         in COGS and SGA expense. All other components of net periodic benefit cost are included in OIE. Components of
         postretirement benefit expense (income) were:
          (millions)                                                          2022                  2021                2020
          Service cost                                                 $                 11    $              13    $            13
          Interest cost                                                                  24                   20                 31
          Expected return on plan assets                                               (111)                 (92)               (94)
          Amortization of unrecognized prior service credit                              (9)                  (9)                (9)
          Recognized net (gain) loss                                                    204                 (152)               (29)
          Net periodic benefit expense (income)                                         119                 (220)               (88)
          Postretirement benefit expense (income):
            Defined benefit plans                                                      119                  (220)               (88)
            Defined contribution plans                                                  13                    13                 13
            Total                                                      $               132     $            (207)   $           (75)

         Assumptions
         The weighted-average actuarial assumptions used to determine benefit obligations were:
                                                                            2022                   2021                 2020
          Discount rate                                                              5.5 %                 2.9 %               2.5 %

         The weighted-average actuarial assumptions used to determine annual net periodic benefit cost were:
                                                                            2022                   2021                 2020
          Discount rate                                                              2.9 %                 2.5 %               3.3 %
          Discount rate - interest                                                   2.4 %                 1.8 %               2.8 %
          Long-term rate of return on plan assets                                    7.0 %                 6.3 %               7.0 %

         The Company determines the overall discount rate and expected long-term rate of return on VEBA trust obligations and
         assets in the same manner as that described for pension trusts in Note 11.
         The assumed U.S. health care cost trend rate is 6.00% for 2023, remaining at this rate until 2025, then decreasing
         0.5% annually to 4.5% by the year 2028 and remaining at that level thereafter. These trend rates reflect the Company’s
         historical experience and management’s expectations regarding future trends.
         The Company may experience material actuarial gains or losses due to differences between assumed and actual
         experience and due to changing economic conditions. During 2022, the Company recognized a net actuarial loss of
         approximately $204 million driven by lower than expected asset returns, partially offset by the impact of higher discount
         rates.
         Plan assets
         The fair value of Plan assets as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 are summarized within fair value hierarchy
         described in Note 11, are as follows:




139 sur 189                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                                         https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


                                                                                                        Fair Value
          (millions)                                                                                 Hierarchy Level                  2022                          2021
          Cash and cash equivalents (a)                                                                    1, 2            $                      —      $                       3
          Corporate stock, common                                                                            1                                   172                           263
          Mutual funds:
            Equity                                                                                           2                                    36                            39
            Debt                                                                                             2                                    —                             94
          Bonds, corporate                                                                                   2                                   166                           247
          Bonds, government                                                                                  2                                    68                            99
          Bonds, other                                                                                       2                                    10                            13
          Sub-total                                                                                                        $                     452     $                     758
          Investments measured at net asset value (NAV) practical expedient (b)                                                                  774     $                     850
          Total plan assets                                                                                                $                   1,226     $                   1,608
         (a) Cash and cash equivalents includes Level 1 assets of $0 million and $1 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively, and Level 2 assets of $0 million and $2 million for
         2022 and 2021, respectively.
         (b) Certain Assets that are measured at fair value using the NAV per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy.




                                                                                             80




140 sur 189                                                                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                  https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         The Company’s asset investment strategy for its VEBA trusts is consistent with that described for its pension trusts in
         Note 11. The current target asset allocation is 60% equity securities, 33% debt securities, and 7% real estate. The
         Company currently expects to contribute approximately $21 million to its VEBA trusts during 2023.

         There were no Level 3 assets during 2022 and 2021.

         Postemployment
         Under certain conditions, the Company provides benefits to former or inactive employees, including salary continuance,
         severance, and long-term disability, in the United States and several foreign locations. The Company’s
         postemployment benefit plans are unfunded. Actuarial assumptions used are generally consistent with those presented
         for pension benefits in Note 11.

         The aggregate change in accumulated postemployment benefit obligation and the net amount recognized were:
          (millions)                                                                                       2022                       2021
          Change in accumulated benefit obligation
          Beginning of year                                                                      $                     48     $               48
          Service cost                                                                                                  3                      3
          Interest cost                                                                                                 1                      1
          Actuarial (gain)loss                                                                                         (9)                     1
          Benefits paid                                                                                                (6)                    (5)
          End of year                                                                            $                     37     $               48
          Funded status                                                                          $                    (37)    $              (48)
          Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheet consist of
          Other current liabilities                                                              $                     (7)    $               (5)
          Other liabilities                                                                                           (30)                   (43)
          Net amount recognized                                                                  $                    (37)    $              (48)
          Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income consist of
          Net prior service cost                                                                 $                      2     $                1
          Net experience gain                                                                                         (18)                   (14)
          Net amount recognized                                                                  $                    (16)    $              (13)


         The components of postemployment benefit expense are presented in the following table. Service cost is recorded in
         COGS and SGA expense. All other components of net periodic benefit cost are included in OIE.
          (millions)                                                                2022                       2021                   2020
          Service cost                                                      $                 3      $                   3        $            2
          Interest cost                                                                       1                          1                     1
          Amortization of unrecognized prior service cost                                     1                          1                     1
          Recognized net loss                                                                (2)                        (2)                   (3)
          Net periodic benefit cost                                         $                 3      $                   3        $            1
          Settlement cost                                                                    (2)                        (1)                   (1)
          Postemployment benefit expense                                    $                 1      $                   2        $           —


         Benefit payments
         The following benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, as appropriate, are expected to be paid:
          (millions)                                                            Postretirement                         Postemployment
          2023                                                          $                             64   $                                   7
          2024                                                                                        64                                       6
          2025                                                                                        64                                       5
          2026                                                                                        64                                       5
          2027                                                                                        64                                       5
          2028-2032                                                                                  314                                      19




141 sur 189                                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231         https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




              81




142 sur 189                                                        4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         NOTE 13
         MULTIEMPLOYER PENSION AND POSTRETIREMENT PLANS

         The Company contributes to multiemployer defined contribution pension and postretirement benefit plans under the
         terms of collective-bargaining agreements that cover certain unionized employee groups in the United States.
         Contributions to these plans are included in total pension and postretirement benefit expense as reported in Note 11
         and Note 12, respectively.

         Pension benefits
         The risks of participating in multiemployer pension plans are different from single-employer plans. Assets contributed to
         a multiemployer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers.
         If a participating employer stops contributing to the plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan are borne by the
         remaining participating employers. Total contributions to multiemployer pension benefit plans were as follows (millions):
         2022 - $5; 2021 - $7; 2020 - $7.

         As discussed in Note 5, the Company engages in restructuring and cost reduction projects to help achieve its long-term
         growth targets. Current and future restructuring and cost reduction activities and other strategic initiatives could impact
         the Company's participation in certain multiemployer plans. In addition to regular contributions, the Company could be
         obligated to pay additional amounts, known as a withdrawal liability, if a multiemployer pension plan has unfunded
         vested benefits and the Company decreases or ceases participation in that plan. During 2019, the Company withdrew
         from two multi-employer pension plans. Additionally, the Company previously exited several multiemployer plans as
         part of past restructuring activities. The related liabilities recognized are our best estimate of the ultimate cost of
         withdrawing from these plans. At this time we have not yet reached agreement on the ultimate amount of these
         withdrawal liabilities. As a result, the actual cost could differ from our estimate based on final funding assessments.
         The net present value of the liabilities were determined using a risk free interest rate. The Company recognized
         expense related to the withdrawals as follows (millions): 2022 - $0; 2021 - $0; 2020 - $(5). The charges were recorded
         within Cost of goods sold on the Consolidated Statement of Income. The cash obligation associated with the 2019
         withdrawal activity is approximately $8 million annually and is payable over a maximum 20-year period. Withdrawal
         liability payments made to multiemployer plans were as follows (millions): 2022 - $10; 2021 - $10; 2020 - $21. The
         Company had withdrawal liabilities of $117 million and $123 million at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022,
         respectively, included within Other current liabilities and Other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

         Postretirement benefits
         Multiemployer postretirement benefit plans provide health care and other welfare benefits to active and retired
         employees who have met certain age and service requirements. Contributions to multiemployer postretirement benefit
         plans were (in millions): 2022 – $13; 2021 – $13; 2020 – $13.




                                                                     82




143 sur 189                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         NOTE 14
         INCOME TAXES

         The components of income before income taxes and the provision for income taxes were as follows:
          (millions)                                                           2022                 2021                2020
          Income before income taxes
            United States                                              $                 623    $          1,158    $          1,018
            Foreign                                                                      574                 808                 583
                                                                                       1,197               1,966               1,601
          Income taxes
            Currently payable
              Federal                                                                    151                 188                129
              State                                                                       31                  44                 26
              Foreign                                                                    108                 117                100
                                                                                         290                 349                255
              Deferred
                Federal                                                                  (37)                 40                 56
                State                                                                     (8)                  4                  9
                Foreign                                                                   (1)                 81                  3
                                                                                         (46)                125                 68
          Total income taxes                                           $                 244    $            474    $           323

         The difference between the U.S. federal statutory tax rate and the Company’s effective income tax rate was:
                                                                             2022                   2021                2020
          U.S. statutory income tax rate                                              21.0 %               21.0 %              21.0 %
          Foreign rates varying from U.S. statutory rate                              (2.6)                (1.6)               (2.4)
          State income taxes, net of federal benefit                                   1.4                  1.9                 1.8
          Cost (benefit) of remitted and unremitted foreign earnings                   1.5                  0.6                 1.0
          Net change in valuation allowance                                            3.4                  2.7                 1.4
          Statutory rate changes, deferred tax impact                                  0.2                  0.7                 0.2
          U.S. deemed repatriation tax                                                  —                    —                 (2.0)
          Foreign derived intangible income                                           (1.8)                (0.8)               (0.4)
          Other                                                                       (2.7)                (0.4)               (0.4)
          Effective income tax rate                                                   20.4 %               24.1 %              20.2 %

         As presented in the preceding table, the Company’s 2022 consolidated effective tax rate was 20.4%, as compared to
         24.1% in 2021 and 20.2% in 2020.

         The lower effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to prior year was mainly due to mark-
         to-market loss items and the resulting impact on mix of earnings.

         The 2021 effective income tax rate was unfavorably impacted by the following items. During the second quarter of
         2021, the Company recorded tax expense of $23 million as a result of tax legislation enacted in the UK in June 2021,
         which increased the statutory UK tax rate from 19 percent to 25 percent for tax periods after April 1, 2023. The
         Company revalued its net deferred tax balances related to the UK business to reflect the increased tax rate. During the
         third quarter, the Company determined that certain foreign deferred tax assets were no longer more likely than not to be
         realized in the future and a full valuation allowance totaling $20 million was recorded on a discrete period basis.

         The 2020 effective income tax rate was favorably impacted by the reversal of a liability for uncertain tax positions of
         $32 million, resulting from the finalization of a tax examination during the third quarter. The reserves were related to the
         Company's estimate of the transition tax liability in conjunction with the finalization of accounting under Staff Accounting
         Bulletin No. 118, Income Tax Accounting Implications of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.



144 sur 189                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231         https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




              83




145 sur 189                                                        4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                     https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Transition tax on foreign earnings: The transition tax is a tax on the previously untaxed accumulated and current
         earnings and profits of certain of our foreign subsidiaries. In order to determine the amount of the transition tax, the
         Company must determine, in addition to other factors, the amount of post-1986 earnings and profits (E&P) of the
         relevant subsidiaries, as well as the amount of non-U.S. income taxes paid on such earnings. E&P is similar to retained
         earnings of the subsidiary, but requires other adjustments to conform to U.S. tax rules. During the third quarter of 2020,
         the Company reversed $32 million of a liability previously recorded as a result of the finalization of an IRS tax
         examination.

         As of December 31, 2022, approximately $800 million of unremitted earnings were considered indefinitely reinvested.
         The unrecognized deferred tax liability for these earnings is estimated at approximately $43 million. However, this
         estimate could change based on the manner in which the outside basis difference associated with these earnings
         reverses.

         Management monitors the Company’s ability to utilize certain future tax deductions, operating losses and tax credit
         carryforwards, prior to expiration. Changes resulting from management’s assessment will result in impacts to deferred
         tax assets and the corresponding impacts on the effective income tax rate. Valuation allowances were recorded to
         reduce deferred tax assets to an amount that will, more likely than not, be realized in the future. The total tax benefit of
         carryforwards at year-end 2022 and 2021 were $363 million and $363 million, respectively, with related valuation
         allowances at year-end 2022 and 2021 of $263 million and $248 million, respectively. Of the total carryforwards at year-
         end 2022, $21 million expire in 5 years or less, $79 million expire in 2027 and later, and $263 million do not expire.

         The following table provides an analysis of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities as of year-end 2022 and
         2021:

                                                                          Deferred tax                              Deferred tax
                                                                            assets                                   liabilities
          (millions)                                               2022                  2021               2022                   2021
              U.S. state income taxes                          $            —     $               —     $             27   $               11
              Advertising and promotion-related                             15                    14                  —                    —
              Wages and payroll taxes                                       19                    27                  —                    —
              Inventory valuation                                           19                    16                  —                    —
              Employee benefits                                             64                    19                  —                    —
              Operating loss, credit and other carryforwards               363                   363                  —                    —
              Hedging transactions                                          —                     13                  37                   —
              Depreciation and asset disposals                              —                     —                  286                  264
              Operating lease right-of-use assets                           —                     —                  138                  146
              Operating lease liabilities                                  139                   144                  —                    —
              Trademarks and other intangibles                              —                     —                  549                  540
              Deferred compensation                                         27                    19                  —                    —
              Stock options                                                 28                    33                  —                    —
              Other                                                         56                    54                  —                    —
                                                                           730                   702               1,037                  961
               Less valuation allowance                                   (263)                 (248)                 —                    —
          Total deferred taxes                                 $           467    $              454    $          1,037   $              961
          Net deferred tax asset (liability)                   $          (570)   $             (507)
          Classified in balance sheet as:
          Other assets                                         $           190    $              215
          Other liabilities                                               (760)                 (722)
          Net deferred tax asset (liability)                   $          (570)   $             (507)




                                                                          84




146 sur 189                                                                                                                          4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                                       https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         The change in valuation allowance reducing deferred tax assets was:

          (millions)                                                                                       2022                       2021                        2020
          Balance at beginning of year                                                           $                   248     $                  192     $                    146
          Additions charged to income tax expense (a)                                                                 44                         59                           62
          Reductions credited to income tax expense                                                                   (3)                        (6)                         (24)
          Acquisition of noncontrolling interest                                                                      —                          13                           —
          Currency translation adjustments                                                                           (26)                       (10)                           8
          Balance at end of year                                                                 $                   263     $                  248     $                    192

         (a) During 2021, the Company increased the valuation allowance $20 million to fully reserve for net deferred tax assets of a foreign subsidiary. During 2020, the
         Company increased the valuation allowance by $41 million related to the revaluation of its investment in a foreign subsidiary.


         Uncertain tax positions
         The Company is subject to federal income taxes in the U.S. as well as various state, local, and foreign jurisdictions.
         The Company’s 2022 provision for U.S. federal income taxes represents approximately 50% of the Company’s
         consolidated income tax provision. The Company was chosen to participate in the Internal Revenue Service (IRS)
         Compliance Assurance Program (CAP) beginning with the 2008 tax year. As a result, with limited exceptions, the
         Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal examinations by the IRS for years prior to 2020. The Company is under
         examination for income and non-income tax filings in various state and foreign jurisdictions.

         As of December 31, 2022, the Company has classified $18 million of unrecognized tax benefits as a current tax liability.
         Managements estimate of reasonably possible changes in unrecognized tax benefits during the next twelve months
         consists of the current liability expected to be settled within one year, offset by approximately $3 million of projected
         additions during the next twelve months related primarily to ongoing intercompany transfer pricing activity. Management
         is currently unaware of any issues under review that could result in significant additional payments, accruals, or other
         material deviation in this estimate.

         Following is a reconciliation of the Company’s total gross unrecognized tax benefits as of the years ended
         December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021. For the 2022 year, approximately $30 million represents
         the amount that, if recognized, would affect the Company’s effective income tax rate in future periods.
          (millions)                                                                                       2022                       2021                        2020
          Balance at beginning of year                                                           $                    50     $                    65    $                     90
          Tax positions related to current year:
            Additions                                                                                                   6                          5                           5
          Tax positions related to prior years:
            Additions                                                                                                  1                           5                           8
            Reductions (a)                                                                                           (18)                        (13)                        (35)
          Settlements                                                                                                 (1)                         (9)                         (2)
          Lapses in statutes of limitation                                                                            (2)                         (3)                         (1)
          Balance at end of year                                                                 $                    36     $                    50    $                     65

         (a) During the third quarter of 2020, the Company released $32 million of tax reserves as a result of finalization of an IRS tax examination.

         During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized $1 million of tax related interest, increasing the
         balance to $8 million at year-end. During the year ended January 1, 2022, the Company paid tax-related interest
         totaling $2 million and recognized $(4) million of tax related interest, increasing the balance to $7 million at year-end.
         During the year ended January 2, 2021, the Company paid tax-related interest totaling $1 million and recognized $3
         million of tax-related interest, increasing the balance to $13 million at year-end.

         NOTE 15
         DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
         The Company is exposed to certain market risks such as changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates,
         and commodity prices, which exist as a part of its ongoing business operations. Management uses derivative and


147 sur 189                                                                                                                                                           4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         nonderivative financial and commodity instruments, including futures, options, and swaps, where appropriate, to
         manage these risks. Instruments used as hedges must be effective at reducing the risk associated with the exposure
         being hedged.

         The Company designates derivatives and nonderivative hedging instruments as cash flow hedges, fair value hedges,
         net investment hedges, and uses other contracts to reduce volatility in interest rates, foreign currency and commodities.
         As a matter of policy, the Company does not engage in trading or speculative hedging transactions.



                                                                    85




148 sur 189                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Derivative instruments are classified on the Consolidated Balance Sheet based on the contractual maturity of the
         instrument or the timing of the underlying cash flows of the instrument for derivatives with contractual maturities beyond
         one year. Any collateral associated with derivative instruments is classified as other assets or other current liabilities on
         the Consolidated Balance Sheet depending on whether the counterparty collateral is in an asset or liability position.
         Margin deposits related to exchange-traded commodities are recorded in accounts receivable, net on the Consolidated
         Balance Sheet. On the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows, cash flows associated with derivative instruments are
         classified according to the nature of the underlying hedged item. Cash flows associated with collateral and margin
         deposits on exchange-traded commodities are classified as investing cash flows when the collateral account is in an
         asset position and as financing cash flows when the collateral account is in a liability position.

         Total notional amounts of the Company’s derivative instruments as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 were as
         follows:
          (millions)                                                                                 2022                    2021
          Foreign currency exchange contracts                                                $               2,502   $              2,828
          Cross-currency contracts                                                                           1,983                  1,343
          Interest rate contracts                                                                            2,657                  2,816
          Commodity contracts                                                                                  230                    360
          Total                                                                              $               7,372   $              7,347

         Following is a description of each category in the fair value hierarchy and the financial assets and liabilities of the
         Company that were included in each category at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, measured on a recurring
         basis.

         Level 1 — Financial assets and liabilities whose values are based on unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or
         liabilities in an active market. For the Company, level 1 financial assets and liabilities consist primarily of commodity
         derivative contracts.

         Level 2 — Financial assets and liabilities whose values are based on quoted prices in markets that are not active or
         model inputs that are observable either directly or indirectly for substantially the full term of the asset or liability. For the
         Company, level 2 financial assets and liabilities consist of interest rate swaps, cross-currency contracts and foreign
         currency contracts.

         The Company’s calculation of the fair value of interest rate swaps is derived from a discounted cash flow analysis
         based on the terms of the contract and the interest rate curve. Foreign currency contracts are valued using an income
         approach based on forward rates less the contract rate multiplied by the notional amount. Cross-currency contracts are
         valued based on changes in the spot rate at the time of valuation compared to the spot rate at the time of execution, as
         well as the change in the interest differential between the two currencies. The Company’s calculation of the fair value of
         level 2 financial assets and liabilities takes into consideration the risk of nonperformance, including counterparty credit
         risk.

         Level 3 — Financial assets and liabilities whose values are based on prices or valuation techniques that require inputs
         that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. These inputs reflect management’s
         own assumptions about the assumptions a market participant would use in pricing the asset or liability. The Company
         did not have any level 3 financial assets or liabilities as of December 31, 2022 or January 1, 2022.

         The following table presents assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheet
         on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022:



                                                                        86




149 sur 189                                                                                                                      4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                                       https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Derivatives designated as hedging instruments

                                                                            2022                                                          2021
          (millions)                                  Level 1              Level 2               Total               Level 1             Level 2              Total
          Assets:
          Cross currency contracts:
            Other current assets                 $               —     $              88    $              88    $             —     $             32     $            32
            Other Assets                                         —                    36                   36                  —                   15                  15
          Interest rate contracts (a):
            Other current assets                                 —                    45                   45                  —                   10                  10
            Other assets                                         —                    25                   25                  —                    8                   8
          Total assets                           $               —     $             194    $             194    $             —     $             65     $            65
          Liabilities:
          Cross currency contracts:
            Other current liabilities            $               —     $              —     $              —     $             —     $              (2)   $            (2)
            Other liabilities                                    —                    —                    —                   —                    (7)                (7)
          Interest rate contracts (a):
            Other current liabilities                            —                    —                    —                   —                    (1)                (1)
            Other liabilities                                    —                   (86)                 (86)                 —                    (4)                (4)
          Total liabilities                      $               —     $             (86)   $             (86)   $             —     $             (14)   $           (14)

              (a)   The fair value of the related hedged portion of the Company’s long-term debt, a level 2 liability, was $1.1 billion and $1.2 billion as of
                    December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively.


         Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments

                                                                            2022                                                          2021
          (millions)                                   Level 1             Level 2                Total              Level 1             Level 2              Total
          Assets:
          Foreign currency exchange
          contracts:
           Other current assets                   $              —     $              74    $              74    $             —     $             18     $           18
            Other assets                                         —                    14                   14                  —                    5                  5
          Interest rate contracts:
            Other current assets                                 —                     4                    4                  —                    4                  4
            Other assets                                         —                    14                   14                  —                    —                  —
          Commodity contracts:
            Other current assets                                  4                   —                     4                  5                   —                   5
          Total assets                            $               4    $             106    $             110    $             5     $             27     $           32
          Liabilities:
          Foreign currency exchange
          contracts:
           Other current liabilities              $              —     $             (50)   $             (50)   $             —     $             (20)   $           (20)
            Other liabilities                                    —                    (9)                  (9)                 —                    (6)                (6)
          Interest rate contracts:
            Other current liabilities                            —                    (7)                  (7)                 —                    (6)                (6)
            Other liabilities                                    —                   (18)                 (18)                 —                    (7)                (7)
          Commodity contracts:
            Other current liabilities                            (2)                  —                    (2)                 (6)                  —                  (6)
          Total liabilities                       $              (2)   $             (84)   $             (86)   $             (6)   $             (39)   $           (45)

         The Company has designated a portion of its outstanding foreign currency denominated long-term debt as a net
         investment hedge of a portion of the Company’s investment in its subsidiaries foreign currency denominated net
         assets. The carrying value of this debt was $1.6 billion and $2.4 billion as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022,
         respectively.
                                                                                            87


150 sur 189                                                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231    https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




151 sur 189                                                   4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                                       https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         The following amounts were recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet related to cumulative basis adjustments for
         existing fair value hedges as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022.

                                              Line Item in the                                                                    Cumulative amount of fair
                                            Consolidated Balance                                                                  value hedging adjustment
                                             Sheet in which the                                                                    included in the carrying
                                               hedged item is                      Carrying amount of the                           amount of the hedged
              (millions)                         included                            hedged liabilities                                  liabilities (a)
                                                                                  December 31,              January 1,            December 31,             January 1,
                                                                                      2022                    2022                    2022                   2022
              Interest rate                Current maturities of
              contracts                    long-term debt                     $                  483 $                   —    $                   (3) $                 —
              Interest rate
              contracts                    Long-term debt                     $                 2,250 $               2,903   $                 (74) $                  12
              (a)   The fair value adjustment related to current maturities of long-term debt includes $(3) million from discontinued hedging relationships as of
                    December 31, 2022. The hedged long-term debt includes $13 million of hedging adjustment on discontinued hedging relationships as of
                    December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively.

         The Company has elected to not offset the fair values of derivative assets and liabilities executed with the same
         counterparty that are generally subject to enforceable netting agreements. However, if the Company were to offset and
         record the asset and liability balances of derivatives on a net basis, the amounts presented in the Consolidated
         Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 would be adjusted as detailed in the following table:

          As of December 31, 2022
                                                                                                           Gross Amounts Not
                                                                                                              Offset in the
                                                                                                          Consolidated Balance
                                                                                                                 Sheet
                                                              Amounts
                                                             Presented in
                                                                 the                                                            Cash
                                                             Consolidated                                                     Collateral
                                                               Balance                             Financial                  Received/                     Net
                                                                Sheet                            Instruments                   Posted                      Amount
          Total asset derivatives                   $                            304        $                (153)       $                 (33)    $                 118
          Total liability derivatives               $                           (172)       $                 153        $                  19     $                  —



          As of January 1, 2022
                                                                                                         Gross Amounts Not
                                                                                                            Offset in the
                                                                                                        Consolidated Balance
                                                                                                               Sheet
                                                               Amounts
                                                             Presented in
                                                                 the                                                            Cash
                                                             Consolidated                                                     Collateral
                                                               Balance                             Financial                  Received/                      Net
                                                                Sheet                            Instruments                   Posted                       Amount
          Total asset derivatives                   $                           97      $                      (47)      $                  8          $                 58
          Total liability derivatives               $                          (59)     $                       47       $                 12          $                 —



         During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company settled certain interest rate contracts resulting in a net
         realized gain of approximately $165 million. These derivatives were accounted for as cash flow hedges and the related
         net gains were recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and will be amortized to interest expense over
         the term of the related forecasted fixed rate debt, once issued. During the third quarter of 2022, the Company
         recognized an $18 million gain related to a portion of certain forward-starting interest rate swaps no longer designated
         as cash flow hedges due to changes in forecasted debt issuance.



152 sur 189                                                                                                                                                     4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company settled certain cross currency swaps resulting in
         a net gain of $37 million. These cross currency swaps were accounted for as net investment hedges and the related
         net gain was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income.



                                                                  88




153 sur 189                                                                                                            4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                          https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         The effect of derivative instruments on the Consolidated Statement of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022,
         January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021:

         Derivatives and non-derivatives in net investment hedging relationships
                                                                     Gain (loss)                Gain (loss) excluded from           Location of gain (loss) in
                                                                    recognized in                assessment of hedge                  income of excluded
          (millions)                                                    AOCI                          effectiveness                       component
                                                            2022       2021          2020      2022       2021       2020
          Foreign currency denominated long-term debt     $   164    $   175        $  (236) $    —     $    —     $    —
          Cross-currency contracts                            123         61            (93)      39         26         34              Interest expense
          Total                                           $   287    $   236        $ (329) $     39    $    26    $    34



          Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments

                                                                                           Location of gain
                                                                                                (loss)                          Gain (loss)
                                                                                            recognized in                      recognized in
          (millions)                                                                           income                             income
                                                                                                                  2022                2021             2020
          Foreign currency exchange contracts                                            COGS                 $          37     $         (21)    $           11
          Foreign currency exchange contracts                                            SGA expense                      4                13                 (1)
          Foreign currency exchange contracts                                            OIE                             (4)               (3)                (6)
          Interest rate contracts                                                        Interest expense                 4                 1                  2
          Commodity contracts                                                            COGS                            23              107                   6
          Total                                                                                               $          64     $          97     $           12




         The effect of fair value and cash flow hedge accounting on the Consolidated Income Statement for the years ended
         December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021:

                                                                                                         December 31,          January 1,        January 2,
                                                                                                             2022                2022              2021
                                                                                                           Interest             Interest          Interest
          (millions)                                                                                       expense              expense           expense
          Total amounts of income and expense line items presented in the
          Consolidated Income Statement in which the effects of fair value or cash flow
          hedges are recorded                                                                           $              218 $             223 $           281
              Gain (loss) on fair value hedging relationships:
                Interest contracts:
                 Hedged items                                                                                           89                14                (7)
                 Derivatives designated as hedging instruments                                                         (85)              (12)                7

                Gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships:
                Interest contracts:
                  Amount of gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into income                                               2               (22)              (14)


         During the next 12 months, the Company expects $18 million of net deferred losses reported in accumulated other
         comprehensive income (AOCI) at December 31, 2022 to be reclassified to income, assuming market rates remain
         constant through contract maturities.




154 sur 189                                                                                                                                           4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                  https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         Certain of the Company’s derivative instruments contain provisions requiring the Company to post collateral on those
         derivative instruments that are in a liability position if the Company’s credit rating falls below BB+ (S&P), or Baa1
         (Moody’s). The fair value of all derivative instruments with credit-risk-related contingent features in a liability position on
         December 31, 2022 was not material. In addition, certain derivative instruments contain provisions that



                                                                       89




155 sur 189                                                                                                                    4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         would be triggered in the event the Company defaults on its debt agreements. There were no collateral posting
         requirements as of December 31, 2022 triggered by credit-risk-related contingent features.

         Other fair value measurements
         Available for sale securities

         The following is a summary of the carrying and market values of the Company's available for sale securities:


                                                             2022                                            2021
                                                       Unrealized                                      Unrealized
          (millions)                        Cost       Gain (Loss)       Market Value       Cost       Gain/(Loss)        Market Value
          Corporate Bonds               $       52   $            (5)   $          47   $       52   $            —   $             52

         During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold approximately $19 million of investments in level 2
         corporate bonds. The resulting loss was approximately $1 million and recorded in Other income and (expense). Also
         during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company purchased approximately $17 million in level 2 corporate
         bonds. During the year ended January 1, 2022, the Company sold approximately $72 million of investments in level 2
         corporate bonds. The resulting gain was approximately $2 million and recorded in Other income and (expense). Also
         during the year ended January 1, 2022, the Company purchased approximately $61 million in level 2 corporate bonds.

         The market values of the Company's investments in level 2 corporate bonds are based on matrices or models from
         pricing vendors. Unrealized gains and losses were included in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income.
         Additionally, these investments are recorded within Other current assets and Other assets on the Consolidated Balance
         Sheet, based on the maturity of the individual security. The maturity dates of the securities range from 2024 to 2036.

         The Company reviews its investment portfolio for any unrealized losses that would be deemed other-than-temporary
         and requires the recognition of an impairment loss in earnings. If the cost of an investment exceeds its fair value, the
         Company evaluates, among other factors, general market conditions, the duration and extent to which the fair value is
         less than its cost, the Company's intent to hold the investment, and whether it is more likely than not that the Company
         will be required to sell the investment before recovery of the cost basis. The Company also considers the type of
         security, related industry and sector performance, and published investment ratings. Once a decline in fair value is
         determined to be other-than-temporary, an impairment charge is recorded and a new cost basis in the investment is
         established. If conditions within individual markets, industry segments, or macro-economic environments deteriorate,
         the Company could incur future impairments.

         Equity investments
         We hold equity investments in certain companies that we do not have the ability to exercise significant influence. Equity
         investments without a readily determinable fair value are recorded at original cost. Investments with a readily
         determinable fair value, which are level 2 investments, are measured at fair value based on observable market price
         changes, with gains and losses recorded through net earnings. During 2021, we recorded a $20 million mark-to-market
         gain on these investments. Equity investments were approximately $40 million as of December 31, 2022 and
         January 1, 2022, respectively. Additionally, these investments were recorded within Other noncurrent assets on the
         Consolidated Balance Sheet.

         Financial instruments
         The carrying values of the Company’s short-term items, including cash, cash equivalents, accounts receivable,
         accounts payable, notes payable and current maturities of long-term debt approximate fair value. The fair value of the
         Company’s long-term debt, which are level 2 liabilities, is calculated based on broker quotes. The fair value and
         carrying value of the Company's long-term debt was $5.1 billion and $5.3 billion, respectively, as of December 31,
         2022. The fair value and carrying value of the Company's long-term debt was $6.9 billion and $6.3 billion, respectively,
         as of January 1, 2022.

         Counterparty credit risk concentration



156 sur 189                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         The Company is exposed to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by counterparties on derivative financial and
         commodity contracts. Management believes a concentration of credit risk with respect to derivative counterparties is
         limited due to the credit ratings and use of master netting and reciprocal collateralization agreements with the
         counterparties and the use of exchange-traded commodity contracts.



                                                                   90




157 sur 189                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Master netting agreements apply in situations where the Company executes multiple contracts with the same
         counterparty. Certain counterparties represent a concentration of credit risk to the Company. If those counterparties fail
         to perform according to the terms of derivative contracts, this could result in a loss to the Company of approximately
         $89 million, net of collateral already received from those counterparties as of December 31, 2022.

         For certain derivative contracts, reciprocal collateralization agreements with counterparties call for the posting of
         collateral in the form of cash, treasury securities or letters of credit if a fair value loss position to the Company or its
         counterparties exceeds a certain amount. In addition, the company is required to maintain cash margin accounts in
         connection with its open positions for exchange-traded commodity derivative instruments executed with the
         counterparty that are subject to enforceable netting agreements. As of December 31, 2022, the Company posted $14
         million in margin deposits for exchange-traded commodity derivative instruments, which was reflected as an increase in
         accounts receivable, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

         Management believes concentrations of credit risk with respect to accounts receivable is limited due to
         the generally high credit quality of the Company’s major customers, as well as the large number and geographic
         dispersion of smaller customers. However, the Company conducts a disproportionate amount of business with a small
         number of large multinational grocery retailers, with the five largest accounts encompassing approximately 28% of
         consolidated trade receivables at December 31, 2022.

         Refer to Note 1 for disclosures regarding the Company’s accounting policies for derivative instruments.

         NOTE 16
         CONTINGENCIES

         The Company is subject to various legal proceedings, claims, and governmental inspections or investigations in the
         ordinary course of business covering matters such as general commercial, governmental regulations, antitrust and
         trade regulations, product liability, environmental, intellectual property, workers’ compensation, employment and other
         actions. These matters are subject to uncertainty and the outcome is not predictable with assurance. The Company
         uses a combination of insurance and self-insurance for a number of risks, including workers’ compensation, general
         liability, automobile liability and product liability.

         The Company has established accruals for certain matters where losses are deemed probable and reasonably
         estimable. There are other claims and legal proceedings pending against the Company for which accruals have not
         been established. It is reasonably possible that some of these matters could result in an unfavorable judgment against
         the Company and could require payment of claims in amounts that cannot be estimated at December 31, 2022. Based
         upon current information, management does not expect any of the claims or legal proceedings pending against the
         Company to have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements. The Company is subject to
         various legal proceedings, claims, and governmental inspections or investigations in the ordinary course of business
         covering matters such as general commercial, governmental regulations, antitrust and trade regulations, product
         liability, environmental, intellectual property, workers’ compensation, employment and other actions. These matters are
         subject to uncertainty and the outcome is not predictable with assurance.

         NOTE 17
         REPORTABLE SEGMENTS

         Kellogg Company is the world’s leading producer of cereal, second largest producer of crackers and a leading producer
         of savory snacks and frozen foods. Additional product offerings include toaster pastries, cereal bars, veggie foods, and
         noodles. Kellogg products are manufactured and marketed globally. Principal markets for these products include the
         United States, United Kingdom, Nigeria, Canada, Mexico and Australia.

         The Company manages its operations through four operating segments that are based on geographic location - North
         America which includes U.S. businesses and Canada; Europe which consists of European countries; Latin America
         which consists of Central and South America and includes Mexico; and AMEA (Asia Middle East Africa) which consists



158 sur 189                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         of Africa, Middle East, Australia and other Asian and Pacific markets. These operating segments also represent our
         reportable segments.




                                                                  91




159 sur 189                                                                                                            4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         The measurement of reportable segment results is based on segment operating profit which is generally consistent with
         the presentation of operating profit in the Consolidated Statement of Income. Reportable segment results were as
         follows:
          (millions)                                                         2022                        2021                     2020
          Net sales
           North America                                        $                     8,958     $                8,174    $               8,361
           Europe                                                                     2,310                      2,397                    2,232
           Latin America                                                              1,123                        997                      914
           AMEA                                                                       2,933                      2,613                    2,263
           Total Reportable Segments                                                 15,324                     14,181                   13,770
           Corporate                                                                     (9)                        —                        —
           Consolidated                                         $                    15,315     $               14,181    $              13,770
          Operating profit
           North America                                        $                     1,356     $                1,329    $               1,473
           Europe                                                                       329                        350                      301
           Latin America                                                                124                        109                       97
           AMEA                                                                         253                        246                      202
           Total Reportable Segments                                                  2,062                      2,034                    2,073
           Corporate                                                                   (427)                      (282)                    (312)
           Consolidated                                         $                     1,635     $                1,752    $               1,761
          Depreciation and amortization
           North America                                        $                      260      $                 262     $                282
           Europe                                                                       81                         92                       84
           Latin America                                                                34                         25                       30
           AMEA                                                                         94                         84                       79
           Total Reportable Segments                                                   469                        463                      475
           Corporate                                                                     9                          4                        4
           Consolidated                                         $                      478      $                 467     $                479



         Certain items such as interest expense and income taxes, while not included in the measure of reportable segment
         operating results, are regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker (CODM) for the Company’s
         internationally-based reportable segments as shown below.
          (millions)                                                                2022                   2021                   2020
          Interest expense
            North America                                                $                       1   $               —        $             —
            Europe                                                                              20                    4                      4
            Latin America                                                                        2                    1                      6
            AMEA                                                                                22                   17                      8
            Corporate                                                                          173                  201                    263
            Consolidated                                                 $                     218   $              223       $            281
          Income taxes
            Europe                                                       $                      38   $               48       $             29
            Latin America                                                                       24                   52                     20
            AMEA                                                                                42                   40                     33
            Corporate & North America                                                          140                  334                    241
            Consolidated                                                 $                     244   $              474       $            323



         Assets are reviewed by the CODM on a consolidated basis and therefore are not presented by operating segment. The
         CODM does review additions to property based on operating segment.


                                                                    92


160 sur 189                                                                                                                          4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231    https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




161 sur 189                                                   4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




          (millions)                                                        2022                 2021                 2020
          Additions to property
           North America                                         $                   252    $             324    $             270
           Europe                                                                    107                  102                  120
           Latin America                                                              48                   42                   31
           AMEA                                                                       69                   73                   77
           Corporate                                                                  12                   12                    7
           Consolidated                                          $                   488    $             553    $             505

         The Company’s largest customer, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and its affiliates, accounted for approximately 18% of
         consolidated net sales during 2022, and 19%% of consolidated net sales during 2021 and 2020, comprised principally
         of sales within the United States.

         Supplemental geographic information is provided below for net sales to external customers and long-lived assets
         (property and right-of-use lease assets):
          (millions)                                                        2022                 2021                 2020
          Net sales
           United States                                          $                 8,397   $            7,646   $            7,821
           All other countries                                                      6,918                6,535                5,949
           Consolidated                                           $                15,315   $           14,181   $           13,770
          Long-lived assets
           United States                                          $                 2,477   $            2,447   $            2,436
           All other countries                                                      1,929                2,020                1,935
           Consolidated                                           $                 4,406   $            4,467   $            4,371

         Supplemental product information is provided below for net sales to external customers:
          (millions)                                                        2022                 2021                 2020
              Snacks                                              $                 7,563   $            6,807   $            6,281
              Cereal                                                                5,280                5,123                5,433
              Frozen                                                                1,097                1,106                1,139
              Noodles and other                                                     1,375                1,145                  917
          Consolidated                                            $                15,315   $           14,181   $           13,770




                                                                     93




162 sur 189                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         NOTE 18
         SUPPLEMENTAL FINANCIAL STATEMENT DATA
          Consolidated Statement of Income
          (millions)                                           2022                       2021                     2020
          Research and development expense            $                 127     $                  134         $              135
          Advertising expense                         $                 756     $                  790         $              781



          Consolidated Balance Sheet
          (millions)                                                                    2022                       2021
          Trade receivables                                               $                     1,449      $                 1,240
          Allowance for expected credit losses                                                    (13)                         (15)
          Refundable income taxes                                                                  82                           62
          Other receivables                                                                       218                          202
            Accounts receivable, net                                      $                     1,736      $                 1,489
          Raw materials, spare parts, and supplies                        $                       426      $                   383
          Finished goods and materials in process                                               1,342                        1,015
            Inventories                                                   $                     1,768      $                 1,398
          Land                                                            $                       108      $                   123
          Buildings                                                                             2,274                        2,238
          Machinery and equipment                                                               6,339                        6,277
          Capitalized software                                                                    500                          594
          Construction in progress                                                                660                          623
          Accumulated depreciation                                                             (6,092)                      (6,028)
            Property, net                                                 $                     3,789      $                 3,827
          Other intangibles                                               $                     2,458      $                 2,552
          Accumulated amortization                                                               (162)                        (143)
            Other intangibles, net                                        $                     2,296      $                 2,409
          Pension                                                         $                       320      $                   448
          Deferred income taxes                                                                   190                          215
          Nonpension post retirement benefits                                                     437                          577
          Other                                                                                   543                          473
            Other assets                                                  $                     1,490      $                 1,713
          Accrued income taxes                                            $                        49      $                    49
          Customer deposits                                                                       150                          138
          Other                                                                                   673                          576
            Other current liabilities                                     $                       872      $                   763
          Income taxes payable                                            $                        37      $                    40
          Nonpension postretirement benefits                                                       22                           32
          Other                                                                                   441                          384
            Other liabilities                                             $                       500      $                   456



          Allowance for expected credit losses
          (millions)                                             2022                      2021                     2020
          Balance at beginning of year                     $                  15    $                    19    $               10
          Additions (reductions) charged to expense                            4                         (1)                   13
          Expected credit losses charged to reserve                           (6)                        (3)                   (4)
          Balance at end of year                           $                  13    $                    15    $               19




                                                      94



163 sur 189                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231    https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




164 sur 189                                                   4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Management’s Responsibility for Financial Statements
         Management is responsible for the preparation of the Company’s consolidated financial statements and related notes.
         We believe that the consolidated financial statements present the Company’s financial position and results of
         operations in conformity with accounting principles that are generally accepted in the United States, using our best
         estimates and judgments as required.

         The Board of Directors of the Company has an Audit Committee composed of six non-management Directors. The
         Committee meets regularly with management, internal auditors, and the independent registered public accounting firm
         to review accounting, internal control, auditing and financial reporting matters.

         Formal policies and procedures, including an active Ethics and Business Conduct program, support the internal
         controls and are designed to ensure employees adhere to the highest standards of personal and professional integrity.
         We have a rigorous internal audit program that independently evaluates the adequacy and effectiveness of these
         internal controls.




                                                                  95




165 sur 189                                                                                                            4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

         Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such
         term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Our internal control over
         financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
         and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
         principles.

         We conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework
         in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
         Treadway Commission.

         Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
         Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
         inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
         deteriorate.

         Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013), management
         concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. The effectiveness of
         our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers
         LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which follows.




         /s/ Steven A. Cahillane
         Steven A. Cahillane
         President and Chief Executive Officer



         /s/ Amit Banati
         Amit Banati
         Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer




                                                                    96




166 sur 189                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


         To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Kellogg Company

         Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting

         We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes, of Kellogg Company and its
         subsidiaries (the “Company”) as listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(1) (collectively referred to as the
         “consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of
         December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
         Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

         In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the
         financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, and the results of its operations and
         its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting
         principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all
         material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria
         established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.

         Basis for Opinions

         The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective
         internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
         reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our
         responsibility is to express opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's
         internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
         Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the
         Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
         and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

         We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and
         perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of
         material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was
         maintained in all material respects.

         Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
         misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
         respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and
         disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used
         and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated
         financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of
         internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating
         the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included
         performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits
         provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

         Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

         A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
         the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
         generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies
         and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
         transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are


167 sur 189                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
         principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
         management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
         detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on
         the financial statements.

         Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
         Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may



                                                                     97




168 sur 189                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
         may deteriorate.

         Critical Audit Matters

         The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated
         financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates
         to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially
         challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way
         our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical
         audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it
         relates.

         Indefinite-Lived Intangible Asset Quantitative Impairment Assessment

         As described in Notes 1 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company’s consolidated indefinite-lived
         intangible assets balance was $2.0 billion as of December 31, 2022, of which $184 million related to one brand in the
         North America operating segment that primarily relates to snack category products. Management assesses indefinite-
         life intangible assets impairment risk throughout the year by performing a qualitative review and assessing events and
         circumstances that could affect the fair value or carrying value of the intangible assets. Annually during the fourth
         quarter, management may perform qualitative or quantitative testing for impairment. Management’s impairment testing
         performed through the fourth quarter of 2022 consisted of qualitative testing for all significant indefinite-lived intangible
         assets, except for one brand in the North America operating segment that primarily relates to snack category products,
         for which quantitative testing was performed. In performing the quantitative test of this brand, fair value was determined
         by management using a relief from royalty valuation method that includes estimates, and significant assumptions, of
         future cash flows to be generated from that asset based on estimates of future sales, royalty rate and discount rate
         consistent with rates used by market participants.

         The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the indefinite-lived intangible
         asset quantitative impairment assessment is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management
         when determining the fair value estimate of the indefinite-lived intangible asset related to one brand in the North
         America operating segment; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and
         evaluating management’s significant assumptions related to estimates of future sales, royalty rate, and discount rate;
         and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge.

         Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our
         overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of
         controls relating to management’s indefinite-lived intangible asset quantitative impairment assessment, including
         controls over the valuation of the Company’s indefinite-lived intangible asset related to one brand in the North America
         operating segment. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing management’s process for determining
         the fair value estimate; (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the relief from royalty valuation method; (iii) testing the
         completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the relief from royalty valuation method; and (iv) evaluating
         the reasonableness of significant assumptions used by management related to the estimates of future sales, royalty
         rate, and discount rate. Evaluating management’s assumption related to estimates of future sales involved evaluating
         whether the assumption used by management was reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the
         brand; (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data; and (iii) whether the assumption was consistent with
         evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in
         evaluating (i) the appropriateness of the Company’s relief from royalty valuation method and (ii) the reasonableness of
         the royalty rate and discount rate significant assumptions.




         /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
         Detroit, Michigan



169 sur 189                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         February 21, 2023

         We have served as the Company’s auditor since at least 1937. We have not been able to determine the specific year
         we began serving as auditor of the Company.




                                                                 98




170 sur 189                                                                                                           4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
         DISCLOSURE

         None.

         ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

         (a) Disclosure Controls and Procedures.
         We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information
         required to be disclosed in our reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
         summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is
         accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
         as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter
         how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, rather than absolute, assurance of achieving the
         desired control objectives.

         As of December 31, 2022, management carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of
         our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
         disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the foregoing evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
         Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.

         (b) Internal Control over Financial Reporting.
         Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we have included a report of management’s assessment
         of the design and effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-
         K. The independent registered public accounting firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP also audited, and reported on,
         the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Management’s report and the independent registered
         public accounting firm’s audit report are included in our 2022 financial statements in Item 8 of this Report under the
         captions entitled “Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting” and “Report of Independent
         Registered Public Accounting Firm” and are incorporated herein by reference.

         (c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting.
         There were no changes during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely
         to materially affect our internal controls over financial reporting.

         ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

         Not applicable.

         ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS

         Not applicable.



         PART III
         ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

         Directors — Refer to the information in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
         for the Annual Meeting of Shareowners to be held on April 28, 2023 (the “Proxy Statement”), under the caption
         “Proposal 1 — Election of Directors,” which information is incorporated herein by reference.

         Identification and Members of Audit Committee; Audit Committee Financial Expert — Refer to the information in the
         Proxy Statement under the caption “Board and Committee Membership,” which information is incorporated herein by



171 sur 189                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         reference.

         Executive Officers of the Registrant — Refer to “Executive Officers” under Item 1 of this Report.

         Code of Ethics for Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Controller —We have adopted a Global Code of
         Ethics which applies to our chief executive officer, chief financial officer, corporate controller and all our other



                                                                    99




172 sur 189                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         employees, and which can be found at www.kelloggcompany.com. Any amendments or waivers to the Global Code of
         Ethics applicable to our chief executive officer, chief financial officer or corporate controller may also be found at
         www.kelloggcompany.com.


         ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

         Refer to the information under the captions “2022 Director Compensation and Benefits,” “Compensation Discussion
         and Analysis,” “Executive Compensation,” “Retirement and Non-Qualified Defined Contribution and Deferred
         Compensation Plans,” “Potential Post-Employment Payments,” and "CEO Pay Ratio" of the Proxy Statement, which is
         incorporated herein by reference. See also the information under the caption “Compensation and Talent Management
         Committee Report” of the Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference; however, such
         information is only “furnished” hereunder and not deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
         Act of 1934.

         ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED
         STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

         Refer to the information under the captions “Security Ownership — Five Percent Holders”, and “Security Ownership —
         Officer and Director Stock Ownership” of the Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference.


                                                   EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION
          (millions, except per share data)

                                                                                                                           Number of Securities
                                                                                                                         Remaining Available for
                                               Number of Securities to               Weighted-Average Exercise            Future Issuance Under
                                              be Issued Upon Exercise                   Price of Outstanding            Equity Compensation Plans
                                                                                                                           (excluding Securities
                                              of Outstanding Options,                  Options, Warrants and            Reflected in Column (a)) as
                                              Warrants and Rights as of              Rights as of December 31,             of December 31, 2022
                 Plan Category                  December 31, 2022 (a)                        2022 ($)(b)                           (c)(1)
          Equity compensation plans
          approved by security holders                                   13.2                                      65                                13.4 (2)
          Equity compensation plans
          not approved by security
          holders (3)                                                       0                                      NA                                 0.2
          Total                                                          13.2                                      65                                13.6
              (1)   The total number of shares remaining available for issuance under the 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan.
              (2)   The total number of shares available remaining for issuance as of December 31, 2022 for each Equity Compensation Plan approved by
                    shareowners are as follows:
                            –     The 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan - 12.2 million;
                            –     The Amended and Restated 2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (effective January 1, 2021) - 1.2 million.
              (3) Includes the Kellogg Share Incentive Plan, which was adopted in 2002 and is available to most U.K. employees of specified Kellogg Company
                   subsidiaries; a similar plan, which is available to employees in the Republic of Ireland; and the Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee
                   Directors, which was adopted in 1986 and amended in 1993 and 2002.


         Under the Kellogg Share Incentive Plan, eligible U.K. employees may contribute up to 1,500 Pounds Sterling annually
         to the plan through payroll deductions. The trustees of the plan use those contributions to buy shares of our common
         stock at fair market value on the open market, with Kellogg matching those contributions on a 1:1 basis. Shares must
         be withdrawn from the plan when employees cease employment. Under current law, eligible employees generally
         receive certain income and other tax benefits if those shares are held in the plan for a specified number of years. A
         similar plan is also available to employees in the Republic of Ireland. As these plans are open market plans with no set
         overall maximum, no amounts for these plans are included in the above table. However, approximately 34,000 shares
         were purchased by eligible employees under the Kellogg Share Incentive Plan, the plan for the Republic of Ireland and
         other similar predecessor plans during 2022, with approximately an additional 34,000 shares being provided as


173 sur 189                                                                                                                                          4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                       https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...


         matched shares.




                           100




174 sur 189                                                                      4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         The Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors was amended and restated during 2013. Under the
         Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, non-employee Directors may elect to defer all or part of their
         compensation (other than expense reimbursement) into units which are credited to their accounts. The units have a
         value equal to the fair market value of a share of our common stock on the appropriate date, with dividend equivalents
         being earned on the whole units in non-employee Directors’ accounts. Units must be paid in shares of our common
         stock, either in a lump sum or in up to ten annual installments, with the installments to begin as soon as practicable
         after the non-employee Director’s service as a Director terminates. No more than 300,000 shares are authorized for
         use under this plan, of which approximately 58,000 had been issued as of December 31, 2022.

         ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

         Refer to the information under the captions “Corporate Governance — Director Independence” and “Corporate
         Governance — Related Person Transactions” of the Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by
         reference.

         ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

         Refer to the information under the captions “Proposal 4 — Ratification of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our
         Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm — Fees Paid to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” and
         “Proposal 4 — Ratification of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm —
         Preapproval Policies and Procedures” of the Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference.

         PART IV
         ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

         The Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes, together with Management’s Report on Internal Control over
         Financial Reporting, and the Report thereon of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP dated February 21, 2023, are included
         herein in Part II, Item 8.

         (a) 1. Consolidated Financial Statements

         Consolidated Statement of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021.

         Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and
         January 2, 2021.

         Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022.

         Consolidated Statement of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021.

         Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021.

         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

         Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting.

         Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 238).

         (a) 2. Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule

         All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in
         the financial statements or the notes thereto.

         (a) 3. Exhibits required to be filed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K

         The information called for by this Item is incorporated herein by reference from the Exhibit Index included in this Report.



175 sur 189                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                  https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY
         Not applicable.



                                      101




176 sur 189                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                          https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




                                                       EXHIBIT INDEX


                                                                                            Electronic(E),
                                                                                             Paper(P) or
              Exhibit                                                                        Incorp. By
               No.                            Description                                    Ref.(IBRF)
          3.01          Amended Restated Certificate of Incorporation of                           IBRF
                        Kellogg Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                        4.1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-8, file
                        number 333-56536.
          3.02          Bylaws of Kellogg Company, as amended,                                     IBRF
                        incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current
                        Report on Form 8-K dated February 22, 2022,
                        Commission file number 1-4171.
          4.01          Indenture, dated March 15, 2001, between Kellogg                           IBRF
                        Company and BNY Midwest Trust Company, including
                        the form of 7.45% Debentures due 2031, incorporated
                        by reference to Exhibit 4.01 to our Quarterly Report on
                        Form 10-Q for the quarter ending March 31, 2001,
                        Commission file number 1-4171.
          4.02          Supplemental Indenture, dated March 29, 2001,                              IBRF
                        between Kellogg Company and BNY Midwest Trust
                        Company, including the form of 7.45% Debentures
                        due 2031, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.02 to
                        our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
                        ending March 31, 2001, Commission file
                        number 1-4171.
          4.03          Indenture, dated as of May 21, 2009, between Kellogg                       IBRF
                        Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust
                        Company, N.A., incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                        4.1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-3,
                        Commission file number 333-209699.
          4.04          Officer’s Certificate of Kellogg Company (with form of                     IBRF
                        Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2015 and 2.750%
                        Senior Notes due 2023), incorporated by reference to
                        Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated
                        February 14, 2013, Commission file number 1-4171.
          4.05          Officer’s Certificate of Kellogg Company (with form of                     IBRF
                        1.250% Senior Notes due 2025), incorporated by
                        reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form
                        8-K dated March 9, 2015, Commission file number
                        1-4171.




                                                              102




177 sur 189                                                                                                         4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                          https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




                                                                                            Electronic(E),
                                                                                             Paper(P) or
              Exhibit                                                                        Incorp. By
               No.                            Description                                    Ref.(IBRF)
          4.06          Officers’ Certificate of Kellogg Company (with form of                     IBRF
                        3.250% Senior Notes due 2026 and 4.500% Senior
                        Debentures due 2046), incorporated by reference to
                        Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated
                        March 7, 2016, Commission file number 1-4171.
          4.07          Officers’ Certificate of Kellogg Company (with form of                     IBRF
                        1.000% Senior Notes due 2024), incorporated by
                        reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on
                        Form 8-K dated May 19, 2016, Commission file
                        number 1-4171.
          4.08          Officers’ Certificate of Kellogg Company (with form of                     IBRF
                        2.650% Senior Notes due 2023), incorporated by
                        reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on
                        Form 8-K dated November 15, 2016, Commission file
                        number 1-4171.
          4.09          Officers’ Certificate of Kellogg Company (with form of                     IBRF
                        3.400% Senior Notes due 2027), incorporated by
                        reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on
                        Form 8-K dated November 13, 2017, Commission file
                        number 1-4171.
          4.10          Officers’ Certificate of Kellogg Company (with form of                     IBRF
                        3.250% Senior Notes due 2021 and form of 4.300%
                        Senior Notes due 2028), incorporated by reference to
                        Exhibit 4.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K dated
                        May 15, 2018, Commission file number 1-4171.
          4.11          Officers’ Certificate of Kellogg Company (with form of                     IBRF
                        0.500% Senior Notes due 2029), incorporated by
                        reference to Exhibit 4.1 of our Current Report on
                        Form 8-K dated May 20, 2021, Commission file
                        number 1-4171.
          4.12          Description of Equity Securities                                           E
          4.13          Description of Debt Securities                                             E
          4.14          Officers’ Certificate of Kellogg Company (with form of                     IBRF
                        2.100% Senior Notes due 2030), incorporated by
                        reference to Exhibit 4.1 of our Current Report on
                        Form 8-K dated June 1, 2020, Commission file
                        number 1-4171.




                                                              103




178 sur 189                                                                                                         4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                          https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




                                                                                            Electronic(E),
                                                                                             Paper(P) or
              Exhibit                                                                        Incorp. By
               No.                            Description                                    Ref.(IBRF)
          10.01         Kellogg Company Supplemental Savings and                                   IBRF
                        Investment Plan, as amended and restated as of
                        January 1, 2003, incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                        10.03 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
                        fiscal year ended December 28, 2002, Commission
                        file number 1-4171.*
          10.02         Kellogg Company Key Employee Long Term Incentive                           IBRF
                        Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.07 to our
                        Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
                        December 29, 2007, Commission file number
                        1-4171.*
          10.03         Agreement between us and other executives,                                 IBRF
                        incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.05 of our
                        Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
                        June 30, 2000, Commission file number 1-4171.*
          10.04         Kellogg Company 2002 Employee Stock Purchase                               IBRF
                        Plan, as amended and restated as of July 1, 2020,
                        incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our
                        Registration Statement on Form S-8, file number
                        333-239564.*
          10.05         Kellogg Company 1993 Employee Stock Ownership                              IBRF
                        Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to our
                        Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
                        December 29, 2007, Commission file number
                        1-4171.*
          10.06         Kellogg Company 2003 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as                          IBRF
                        amended and restated as of December 8, 2006,
                        incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to our Annual
                        Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
                        December 30, 2006, Commission file number
                        1-4171.*
          10.07         Kellogg Company Severance Plan, incorporated by                            IBRF
                        reference to Exhibit 10.25 of our Annual Report on
                        Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 28,
                        2002, Commission file number 1-4171.*
          10.08         First Amendment to the Key Executive Benefits Plan,                        IBRF
                        incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 of our
                        Annual Report in Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended
                        January 1, 2005, Commission file number 1-4171.*
          10.09         Five-Year Credit Agreement dated as of December                            IBRF
                        21, 2021 with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as
                        Administrative Agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.,
                        Barclays Bank PLC, BOFA Securities, INC., Citibank,
                        N.A., Cooperatieve Rabobank U.A., New York
                        Branch, and Morgan Stanley MUFG Loan Partners,
                        LLC, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners,
                        Bank of America, N.A., Barclays Bank PLC, Citibank,
                        N.A., Cooperatieve Rabobank U.A., New York
                        Branch, and Morgan Stanley MUFG Loan Partners,
                        LLC as Co-Syndication agents and the lenders named
                        therein, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of
                        our Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 23,
                        2021, Commission file number 1-4171.


                                                              104


179 sur 189                                                                                                         4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231    https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




180 sur 189                                                   4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                           https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




                                                                                             Electronic(E),
                                                                                              Paper(P) or
              Exhibit                                                                         Incorp. By
               No.                            Description                                     Ref.(IBRF)
          10.10         Executive Survivor Income Plan, incorporated by                             IBRF
                        reference to Exhibit 10.42 of our Annual Report in
                        Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended December 31,
                        2005, Commission file number 1-4171.*
          10.11         Form of Amendment to Form of Agreement between                              IBRF
                        us and certain executives, incorporated by reference
                        to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K
                        dated December 18, 2008, Commission file number
                        1-4171.*
          10.12         Kellogg Company 2009 Long-Term Incentive Plan,                              IBRF
                        incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our
                        Registration Statement on Form S-8 dated April 27,
                        2009, Commission file number 333-158824.*
          10.13         Kellogg Company 2009 Non-Employee Director Stock                            IBRF
                        Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our
                        Registration Statement on Form S-8 dated April 27,
                        2009, Commission file number 333-158826.*
          10.14         Form of Option Terms and Conditions under 2009                              IBRF
                        Long-Term Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference
                        to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K
                        dated February 25, 2011, Commission file number
                        1-4171.*
          10.15         Letter Agreement between us and Gary Pilnick, dated                         IBRF
                        May 20, 2008, incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                        10.54 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
                        fiscal year ended January 1, 2011, commission file
                        number 1-4171.*
          10.16         Form of Option Terms and Conditions, incorporated                           IBRF
                        by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on
                        Form 8-K dated February 23, 2012, Commission file
                        number 1-4171.*
          10.17         Kellogg Company 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan,                              IBRF
                        incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our
                        Registration Statement on Form S-8, file number
                        333-188222.*
          10.18         Kellogg Company Pringles Savings and Investment                             IBRF
                        Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our
                        Registration Statement on Form S-8, file number
                        333-189638.*
          10.19         Amendment Number 1 to the Kellogg Company                                   IBRF
                        Pringles Savings and Investment Plan, incorporated
                        by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to our Registration
                        Statement on Form S-8, file number 333-189638.*
          10.20         Kellogg Company Deferred Compensation Plan for                              IBRF
                        Non-Employee Directors, incorporated by reference to
                        Exhibit 10.49 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K
                        dated February 24, 2014, Commission file number
                        1-4171.*
          10.21         Kellogg Company Executive Compensation Deferral                             IBRF
                        Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to our
                        Annual Report on Form 10-K dated February 24,
                        2014, Commission file number 1-4171.*

                                                               105


181 sur 189                                                                                                          4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231    https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




182 sur 189                                                   4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                         https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




                                                                                           Electronic(E),
                                                                                            Paper(P) or
              Exhibit                                                                       Incorp. By
               No.                           Description                                    Ref.(IBRF)
          10.22         Kellogg Company Change of Control Severance                               IBRF
                        Policy for Key Executives, incorporated by reference
                        to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K
                        dated December 11, 2014.*
          10.23         Form of Option Terms and Conditions, incorporated                         IBRF
                        by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of our Current Report on
                        Form 8-K dated February 24, 2015, Commission file
                        number 1-4171.*
          10.24         Form of Option Terms and Conditions, incorporated                         IBRF
                        by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of our Current Report on
                        Form 8-K dated February 23, 2016, Commission file
                        number 1-4171.*
          10.25         Form of Restricted Stock Unit Terms and Conditions,                       IBRF
                        incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of our
                        Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 24, 2017,
                        Commission file number 1-4171.*
          10.26         Kellogg Company 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan,                            IBRF
                        incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our
                        Registration Statement on Form S-8, file number
                        333-217769.*
          10.27         Letter agreement with Steve Cahillane, dated                              IBRF
                        September 22, 2017, incorporated by reference to
                        Exhibit 10.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K dated
                        September 28, 2017, Commission file number
                        1-4171.*
          10.28         2021-2023 Executive Performance Plan, incorporated                        IBRF
                        by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on
                        Form 8-K dated February 23, 2021, Commission file
                        number 1-4171.*
          10.29         Form of Restricted Stock Unit Terms and Conditions,                       IBRF
                        incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of our
                        Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 23, 2021,
                        Commission file number 1-4171.*
          10.30         Form of Option Terms and Conditions, incorporated                         IBRF
                        by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of our Current Report on
                        Form 8-K dated February 23, 2021, Commission file
                        number 1-4171.*
          10.31         364-Day Credit Agreement dated as of December 20,                         IBRF
                        2022 with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as
                        Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A., Barclays
                        Bank PLC, Citibank, N.A., Coöperatieve Rabobank
                        U.A., New York Branch, and Morgan Stanley MUFG
                        Loan Partners, LLC as Co-Syndication Agents, and
                        JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Barclays Bank PLC,
                        BofA Securities, Inc., Citibank, N.A., Coöperatieve
                        Rabobank U.A., New York Branch, and Morgan
                        Stanley MUFG Loan Partners, LLC as Joint Lead
                        Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners and the lenders
                        named therein, incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                        10.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K dated
                        December 22, 2022, Commission file number 1-4171.



                                                             106


183 sur 189                                                                                                        4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231    https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




184 sur 189                                                   4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                        https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




                                                                                          Electronic(E),
                                                                                           Paper(P) or
              Exhibit                                                                      Incorp. By
               No.                           Description                                   Ref.(IBRF)
          10.32         Form of Restricted Stock Unit Terms and Conditions,                      IBRF
                        incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of our
                        Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 22, 2018,
                        Commission File number 1-4171.*
          10.33         Form of Option Terms and Conditions, incorporated                        IBRF
                        by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of our Current Report on
                        Form 8-K dated February 22, 2018, Commission file
                        number 1-4171.*
          10.34         Amendment to the Kellogg Company 2017 Long-Term                          IBRF
                        Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                        10.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K dated June
                        11, 2018, Commission file number 1-4171.*
          10.35         2019-2021 Executive Performance Plan, incorporated                       IBRF
                        by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on
                        Form 8-K dated February 26, 2019, Commission file
                        number 1-4171.*
          10.36         Form of Restricted Stock Unit Terms and Conditions,                      IBRF
                        incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our
                        Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 26, 2019,
                        Commission file number 1-4171.*
          10.37         Form of Option Terms and Conditions, incorporated                        IBRF
                        by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of our Current Report on
                        Form 8-K dated February 26, 2019, Commission file
                        number 1-4171.*
          10.38         Agreement with Fareed Khan, dated May 2, 2019,                           IBRF
                        incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our
                        Current Report on Form 8-K, Commission file number
                        1-4171.*
          10.39         2020-2022 Executive Performance Plan, incorporated                       IBRF
                        by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Current Report on
                        Form 8-K dated February 25, 2020, Commission file
                        number 1-4171.*
          10.40         Form of Restricted Stock Unit Terms and Conditions,                      IBRF
                        incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of our
                        Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 25, 2020,
                        Commission file number 1-4171.*
          10.41         Form of Option Terms and Conditions, incorporated                        IBRF
                        by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of our Current Report on
                        Form 8-K dated February 25, 2020, Commission file
                        number 1-4171.*
          10.42         2022-2024 Performance Stock Unit Plan,                                   IBRF
                        incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our
                        Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 23, 2022,
                        Commission file number 1-4171.*
          10.43         Form of Restricted Stock Unit Terms and Conditions,                      IBRF
                        incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our
                        Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 23, 2022,
                        Commission file number 1-4171.*
          10.44         Kellogg Company 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan,                           IBRF
                        incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our
                        Registration Statement on Form S-8, file number
                        333-264719.*
          21.01         Domestic and Foreign Subsidiaries of Kellogg.                            E
                                                               107


185 sur 189                                                                                                       4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231    https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




186 sur 189                                                   4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                                   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




                                                                                                     Electronic(E),
                                                                                                      Paper(P) or
                Exhibit                                                                               Incorp. By
                 No.                                  Description                                     Ref.(IBRF)
          23.01                 Consent of Independent Registered Public                                    E
                                Accounting Firm.
          24.01                 Powers of Attorney authorizing Gary H. Pilnick to                           E
                                execute our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
                                year ended January 1, 2022, on behalf of the Board of
                                Directors, and each of them.
          31.1                  Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification by Steven A.                         E
                                Cahillane.
          31.2                  Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification by Amit Banati.                      E
          32.1                  Section 1350 Certification by Steven A. Cahillane.                          E
          32.2                  Section 1350 Certification by Amit Banati.                                  E
          101.INS               XBRL Instance Document                                                      E
          101.SCH               XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document                                     E
          101.CAL               XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase                                E
                                Document
          101.DEF               XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase                                 E
                                Document
          101.LAB               XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document                             E
          101.PRE               XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
                                Document                                                                    E
          *      A management contract or compensatory plan required to be filed with this Report.
         We agree to furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission, upon its request, a copy of any instrument defining
         the rights of holders of long-term debt of Kellogg and our subsidiaries and any of our unconsolidated subsidiaries for
         which Financial Statements are required to be filed.

         We will furnish any of our shareowners a copy of any of the above Exhibits not included herein upon the written request
         of such shareowner and the payment to Kellogg of the reasonable expenses incurred in furnishing such copy or copies.




                                                                    SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly
         caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, this 21st day of February,
         2023.




          KELLOGG COMPANY

          By:             /s/   Steven A. Cahillane
                                Steven A. Cahillane
                                Chairman and Chief Executive Officer


                                                                       108


187 sur 189                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231    https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




188 sur 189                                                   4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
k-20221231                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/55067/000162828023004299...




         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the
         following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

                                       Name                                 Capacity                               Date


                  /s/   Steven A. Cahillane               Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and         February 21, 2023
                        Steven A. Cahillane                 Director (Principal Executive Officer)

                        /s/         Amit Banati            Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer       February 21, 2023
                                    Amit Banati                   (Principal Financial Officer)

                        /s/         Kurt Forche             Vice President and Corporate Controller        February 21, 2023
                                    Kurt Forche                  (Principal Accounting Officer)

                                 *                                         Director                        February 21, 2023
                         Stephanie A. Burns

                                      *                                    Director                        February 21, 2023
                               Carter A. Cast

                                 *                                         Director                        February 21, 2023
                         Roderick D. Gillum

                                     *                                     Director                        February 21, 2023
                               Zachary Gund

                                  *                                        Director                        February 21, 2023
                          Donald R. Knauss

                                  *                                        Director                        February 21, 2023
                         Mary A. Laschinger

                                      *                                    Director                        February 21, 2023
                               Erica L. Mann

                              *                                            Director                        February 21, 2023
                  La June Montgomery Tabron

                                  *                                        Director                        February 21, 2023
                        J. Michael Schlotman

                                  *                                        Director                        February 21, 2023
                          Carolyn M. Tastad




          * By:               /s/     Gary H. Pilnick                  Attorney-in-fact                    February 21, 2023
                                      Gary H. Pilnick




189 sur 189                                                                                                           4/29/2023, 4:29 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                                         https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




                                                           UNITED STATES
                                               SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                                                                              Washington, DC 20549
                                                                                       FORM 10-K
                              ☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                                                     For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022
                                                                             or
                           ☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                                                    For the transition period from          to

                                                                            Commission File Number 1-5231




                                                               McDONALD’S CORPORATION
                                                                      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


           Delaware                                                                                                                                                     36-2361282
           (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)                                                                         (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
           110 North Carpenter Street,           Chicago,       Illinois                                                                                                       60607
                                                                                                                                                                            (Zip code)
           (Address of principal executive offices)

                                                      Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (630) 623-3000
                                                          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                          Title of each class                                         Trading Symbol(s)                          Name of each exchange on which registered
                      Common Stock, $0.01 par value                                         MCD                                           New York Stock Exchange

                                                        Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None
           Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☒ No ☐

           Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐ No ☒
           Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
           preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
           90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐
           Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
           S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐
           Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
           growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the
           Exchange Act.
           Large accelerated filer   ☒     Accelerated filer   ☐ Non-accelerated filer ☐ Smaller reporting company ☐ Emerging growth company ☐
           If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
           financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
           Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over
           financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit
           report. ☒
           If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect
           the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐
           Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any
           of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b) ☐
           Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes ☐ No ☒
           The aggregate market value of the registrant's common stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022: $181,588,534,180.
           The number of shares outstanding of the registrant’s common stock as of January 31, 2023: 731,496,951.

                                                                DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
           Part III of this Form 10-K incorporates information by reference from the registrant’s 2023 definitive proxy statement, which will be filed no later than 120 days after
           December 31, 2022.




1 sur 84                                                                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




2 sur 84                                                       4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                           https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




                                                              McDONALD’S CORPORATION
                                                                   TABLE OF CONTENTS

           ORGANIZATION OF THIS ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

           The order and presentation of content in this Annual Report on Form 10-K ("Form 10-K") differs from the traditional U.S. Securities and Exchange
           Commission ("SEC") Form 10-K format. McDonald's Corporation believes the format used in this Form 10-K improves readability and better
           presents how it organizes and manages its business. See "Form 10-K Cross-Reference Index" for a cross-reference index to the traditional SEC
           Form 10-K format.
                                                                                                                                                      Page
           Forward-Looking Statements                                                                                                                     3
           About McDonald's                                                                                                                               3
             Business Summary                                                                                                                             3
           Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations                                                          8
             Management's View of the Business                                                                                                            8
             2022 Financial Performance                                                                                                                   8
             Strategic Direction                                                                                                                          9
             Outlook                                                                                                                                     10
             Consolidated Operating Results                                                                                                              11
             Cash Flows                                                                                                                                  19
             Financial Position and Capital Resources                                                                                                    22
             Other Matters                                                                                                                               24
           Other Key Information                                                                                                                         25
             Stock Performance Graph                                                                                                                     25
             Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities                                26
             Risk Factors                                                                                                                                27
             Legal Proceedings                                                                                                                           33
             Properties                                                                                                                                  33
             Information About our Executive Officers                                                                                                    34
             Availability of Company Information                                                                                                         35
           Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                                                                                                   35
           Controls and Procedures                                                                                                                       62
           Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters                                                62
           Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules                                                                                                    63
           Form 10-K Cross-Reference Index                                                                                                               65
           Signatures                                                                                                                                    66


           All trademarks used herein are the property of their respective owners and are used with permission.




3 sur 84                                                                                                                                         4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                                 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




           FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

           The information in this Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements about future events and circumstances and their effects upon revenues,
           expenses and business opportunities. Generally speaking, any statement in this Form 10-K not based upon historical fact is a forward-looking
           statement. Forward-looking statements can also be identified by the use of forward-looking or conditional words, such as “could,” “should,” “can,”
           “continue,” “aim,” “estimate,” “forecast,” “intend,” “look,” “may,” “will,” “expect,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “remain,” “confident” and “commit” or
           similar expressions. In particular, statements regarding the Company's plans, strategies, prospects and expectations regarding its business and
           industry, as well as environmental, social and governance ("ESG") and similar commitments, are forward-looking statements. They reflect
           expectations, are not guarantees of performance and speak only as of the dates the statements are made. Factors that could cause actual results
           to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include those reflected in the Risk Factors section on page 27 of this Form 10-K
           and elsewhere in the Company's filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, the Company does not undertake to update such forward-looking
           statements. You should not rely unduly on forward-looking statements.

           ABOUT McDONALD'S
           McDonald’s Corporation, the registrant, together with its subsidiaries, is referred to herein as the "Company." The Company, its franchisees and
           suppliers are referred to herein as the "System."

           BUSINESS SUMMARY
           GENERAL

           For the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no material changes to the Company's corporate structure or in its method of conducting
           business. Refer to the Segment and Geographic Information section on page 48 of this Form 10-K for additional information.

           DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS
           The Company franchises and operates McDonald’s restaurants, which serve a locally relevant menu of quality food and beverages in communities
           across more than 100 countries. Of the 40,275 McDonald's restaurants at year-end 2022, approximately 95% were franchised.
                 The Company’s reporting segments are aligned with its strategic priorities and reflect how management reviews and evaluates operating
           performance. Significant reportable segments include the United States ("U.S.") and International Operated Markets. In addition, there is the
           International Developmental Licensed Markets & Corporate segment, which includes markets in over 80 countries, as well as Corporate activities.
                 McDonald’s franchised restaurants are owned and operated under one of the following structures - conventional franchise, developmental
           license or affiliate. The optimal ownership structure for an individual restaurant, trading area or market (country) is based on a variety of factors,
           including the availability of individuals with entrepreneurial experience and financial resources, as well as the local legal and regulatory
           environment in critical areas such as property ownership and franchising. The business relationship between the Company and its independent
           franchisees is supported by adhering to standards and policies, including McDonald's Global Brand Standards, and is of fundamental importance
           to overall performance and to protecting the McDonald’s brand.
                The Company is primarily a franchisor and believes franchising is paramount to delivering great-tasting food, locally relevant customer
           experiences and driving profitability. Franchising enables an individual to be their own employer and maintain control over all employment related
           matters, marketing and pricing decisions, while also benefiting from the strength of McDonald’s global brand, operating system and financial
           resources.
                 Directly operating McDonald’s restaurants contributes significantly to the Company's ability to act as a credible franchisor. One of the
           strengths of the franchising model is that the expertise from operating Company-owned restaurants allows McDonald’s to improve the operations
           and success of all restaurants while innovations from franchisees can be tested and, when viable, efficiently implemented across relevant
           restaurants. Having Company-owned and operated restaurants provides Company personnel with a venue for restaurant operations training
           experience. In addition, in our Company-owned and operated restaurants, and in collaboration with franchisees, the Company is able to further
           develop and refine operating standards, marketing concepts and product and pricing strategies that will ultimately benefit McDonald’s restaurants.
                 The Company’s revenues consist of sales by Company-operated restaurants and fees from restaurants operated by franchisees. Fees vary
           by type of site, amount of Company investment, if any, and local business conditions. These fees, along with occupancy and operating rights, are
           stipulated in franchise/license agreements that generally have 20-year terms. The Company’s Other revenues are comprised of fees paid by
           franchisees to recover a portion of costs incurred by the Company for various technology platforms, revenues from brand licensing arrangements
           to market and sell consumer packaged goods using the McDonald’s brand and, for periods prior to its sale on April 1, 2022, third-party revenues
           for the Company's Dynamic Yield business.

           Conventional Franchise
           Under a conventional franchise arrangement, the Company generally owns or secures a long-term lease on the land and building for the
           restaurant location and the franchisee pays for equipment, signs, seating and décor. The Company believes that ownership of real estate,
           combined with the co-investment by franchisees, enables it to achieve restaurant performance levels that are among the highest in the industry.
                   Franchisees are responsible for reinvesting capital in their businesses over time. In addition, to accelerate implementation of certain
           initiatives, the Company may co-invest with franchisees to fund improvements to their restaurants or operating systems. These investments,
           developed in collaboration with franchisees, are designed to cater to consumer preferences, improve local business performance and increase the
           value of the McDonald's brand through the development of modernized, more attractive and higher revenue generating restaurants.



                                                                                                                            McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 3




4 sur 84                                                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




                The Company requires franchisees to meet rigorous standards and generally does not work with passive investors. The business relationship
           with franchisees is designed to facilitate consistency and high quality at all McDonald’s restaurants. Conventional franchisees contribute to the
           Company’s revenue, primarily through the payment of rent and royalties based upon a percent of sales, with specified minimum rent payments,
           along with initial fees paid upon the opening of a new restaurant or grant of a new franchise. The Company's heavily franchised business model is
           designed to generate stable and predictable revenue, which is largely a function of franchisee sales, and resulting cash flow streams.

           Developmental License or Affiliate
           Under a developmental license or affiliate arrangement, licensees are responsible for operating and managing their businesses, providing capital
           (including the real estate interest) and developing and opening new restaurants. The Company generally does not invest any capital under a
           developmental license or affiliate arrangement, and it receives a royalty based on a percent of sales, and generally receives initial fees upon the
           opening of a new restaurant or grant of a new license.
                While developmental license and affiliate arrangements are largely the same, affiliate arrangements are used in a limited number of foreign
           markets (primarily China and Japan) within the International Developmental Licensed Markets segment as well as a limited number of individual
           restaurants within the International Operated Markets segment, where the Company also has an equity investment and records its share of net
           results in equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates.


           PURPOSE, MISSION AND VALUES
           Through its size and scale, McDonald's embraces and prioritizes its role and commitment to the communities in which it operates through its
           purpose to feed and foster communities, and its mission to make delicious feel-good moments for everyone. The Company is guided by five core
           values that define who we are and how we run our business across the three-legged stool of McDonald’s franchisees, suppliers, and employees:
               1.   Serve – We put our customers and people first;
               2.   Inclusion – We open our doors to everyone;
               3.   Integrity – We do the right thing;
               4.   Community – We are good neighbors; and
               5.   Family – We get better together.

               The Company believes that its people, all around the world, set it apart and bring these values to life on a daily basis.

           HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
           The Company’s people strategies aim to create an environment grounded in diversity, equity, and inclusion (“DEI”). To do this, the Company
           continues to evaluate and evolve its compensation and benefits programs to remain locally relevant and competitive, while offering quality training
           and learning opportunities, and continues to uphold a high standard of health and safety for employees and customers alike.
               You can find more information about the Company's human capital management and related initiatives in its “Purpose & Impact” report.
           Our People
           Company employees, which include those in the Company's corporate and other offices as well as in Company-owned and operated restaurants,
           totaled over 150,000 worldwide as of year-end 2022, of which approximately 70% were based outside of the U.S. In addition to Company
           employees, the over two million individuals who work in McDonald's franchised restaurants around the world are critical to the Company’s
           success, enabling it to drive long-term value creation and further its purpose and mission. People are at the cornerstone of the Company's
           business and an essential part of the System.
           Diversity, Equity and Inclusion

           The Company's aspiration is that no matter where you are in the world, when you interact with McDonald’s, DEI is as evident and familiar as the
           Arches themselves. A diverse workforce is and will continue to be critical to McDonald’s success, and the Company is committed to making this a
           continued priority. The Company adheres to a global DEI strategy designed to drive accountability across the System to better represent the
           diverse communities in which McDonald’s operates, to accelerate cultures of inclusion and belonging and to further dismantle barriers to economic
           opportunity.
               The Company’s DEI strategy reflects its commitment to deliver equitable treatment for all people and includes:
               •    ongoing efforts to improve the representation of women and underrepresented groups at all levels of the Company;
               •    a franchisee recruitment initiative to increase the number of new franchisees from all backgrounds, including underrepresented groups,
                    particularly for those who may face socio-economic barriers to entry;
               •    best practice sharing with franchisees and suppliers to support them in furthering DEI progress within their own organizations;
               •    upholding human rights and cultivating a respectful workplace that is ethical, truthful and dependable; and
               •    a commitment to equal pay among Company employees with comparable job responsibilities, experience, performance and
                    contributions, as well as fair treatment in access, opportunity and advancement for all.
                While McDonald’s is proud of its more than 65-year history as an employer, its global DEI strategy is designed to facilitate continued growth in
           how the Company approaches equitable opportunity and its role in catalyzing it across the System and beyond. The Company is committed to
           accelerating representation, inclusion and opportunity for underrepresented groups, not only within the Company but across the System. This goal
           is underscored by the Company's Mutual Commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, a pledge that invites the Company’s U.S. based suppliers
           to commit to accountability for DEI progress within their own organizations. Aligned with the Company's



                                                                                                                        McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 4




5 sur 84                                                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




           purpose, mission and values, the Mutual Commitment draws on McDonald's size and scale and highlights its opportunity to accelerate meaningful
           change for employees, franchisees, suppliers, customers and communities.
                To reinforce the importance of the Company’s values, the Company’s incentive plan includes quantitative human capital metrics that hold
           executives accountable for making progress on DEI goals. In addition to the Company’s financial performance, executives are measured on
           quantitative metrics that include championing the Company's core values, improving representation within leadership roles (Senior Director and
           above) and assessing feelings of inclusion within the Company. In addition, in 2022, the Company introduced an owner/operator diversity metric
           into its incentive plan for certain key officers and managing directors.
              For more information on employee, Board and franchisee representation, as well as diverse-owned supplier spend and equal pay, see the
           Company's Global Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Report, including the Diversity Snapshot.
           Respectful Workplace Environment

           Fostering safe, inclusive and respectful workplaces, wherever McDonald's does business, has been integral to the Company for its more than 65-
           year history. The Company understands the importance of providing a positive experience and making everyone feel valued, both in its offices and
           in McDonald's restaurants. The Company’s commitment to human rights is set forth in its Human Rights Policy and is furthered by its Standards of
           Business Conduct, which apply to Company employees, and its Supplier Code of Conduct, which sets forth human rights requirements for the
           Company's global suppliers. Company employees are trained on and are required to annually certify their understanding of, and commitment to
           upholding, the Standards of Business Conduct.
                Further, the Company’s Global Brand Standards (which apply to all McDonald’s restaurants, whether Company-owned or franchised) prioritize
           action in four areas: harassment, discrimination, and retaliation prevention; workplace violence prevention; restaurant employee feedback; and
           health and safety. Beginning in 2022, the first full year in which the Global Brand Standards were in effect, all restaurants were assessed on the
           Global Brand Standards in accordance with the applicable McDonald’s market’s business evaluation processes.
                As part of its commitment to a respectful workplace environment, the Company recognizes how important it is to provide channels for its
           employees to report human rights and similar concerns that may violate Company policies and standards. Employees can do so in many ways,
           including through an anonymous global channel, the Business Integrity Line, which is staffed by a live operator from an independent company and
           is available 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. This is complemented by additional reporting channels in many markets. The Company expects its
           employees and franchisees to uphold human rights and cultivate respectful workplaces, which builds trust, protects the integrity of the McDonald's
           brand and fuels Systemwide success.
           Compensation, Benefits, and Talent Development

           The compensation and benefits provided to Company employees, including both corporate staff and Company-owned restaurant employees, is
           established based upon competitive considerations in the relevant labor market. The amount and type of compensation varies by an employee's
           level and location, and typically includes some combination of the following (in addition to base pay): cash bonuses, stock-based awards,
           retirement savings programs, and health and welfare benefits. Company employees may also receive paid time off, family care resources, tuition
           assistance and flexible work schedules.
               In 2021, the Company publicly communicated its ongoing commitment to equal pay, which is supported by an annual pay gap analysis that
           aims to ensure equitable pay practices are consistently implemented and executed across the Company. Results of the 2022 pay gap analysis
           showed that women globally in Company owned and operated markets were paid 99.91 cents on the dollar in base pay on average of what men
           were paid for similar work. Further, there was no base pay gap disfavoring underrepresented groups in the U.S. These results indicate the
           Company substantially attained equal pay, and by the end of the first quarter of 2023, intends to close the small gaps identified in line with the
           commitment to close pay gaps identified in annual equal pay analyses. In line with its core values, the Company continuously emphasizes the
           importance of pay that is competitive, non-discriminatory, performance-based, transparent and compliant with legal and regulatory standards.
                Additionally, McDonald’s has a long-standing commitment to providing training, education benefits and career path opportunities, which
           empower the people and communities it serves. Learning and development is a competitive advantage to McDonald’s and a true differentiator to
           its employee value proposition. McDonald’s Hamburger University has eight campuses around the world, as well as online and on-demand
           resources, that provide training for Company employees as well as franchisees and their eligible employees. The Company is committed to
           providing opportunities for people to enhance their skills and fulfill their potential through talent development programs, apprenticeship
           opportunities, language and technical skill training and support for continuing education, as it believes this helps to facilitate talent attraction,
           career development and retention.
           Communities

           McDonald’s embraces its role and commitment to the communities it serves. Through its Youth Opportunity program, the Company aims to reduce
           barriers to employment for two million youth by 2025 through supporting pre-employment job readiness training, employment opportunities and
           workplace development programs. The Company is also proud to support the network of over 260 local chapters of Ronald McDonald House
           Charities (“RMHC”) spanning over 60 countries and regions that creates, finds and supports programs that directly improve the health and well-
           being of children and their families. In 2020, the Company announced a five-year, $100 million commitment to RMHC.
               In addition, the Company maintains a Global Food Disposition Policy to help support its suppliers and distributors around the world in
           disposing of food in alignment with McDonald’s food waste hierarchy, including by enabling food donations wherever possible. The Policy, which
           aims to avoid food waste and loss while also allowing the System to meet the needs of local communities, is a critical part of the Company's
           sustainability work and its purpose to feed and foster communities.
               The Company continues to bring its Community Impact strategy to life through enhanced support efforts because its business thrives when
           communities thrive. As a System, McDonald’s creates opportunities that encourage Company employees, franchisees and their employees,
           suppliers and customers to get involved in philanthropic and volunteering opportunities.



                                                                                                                        McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 5




6 sur 84                                                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




           ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS
           The Company prioritizes action and progress across a range of environmental matters, and endeavors to improve its long-term sustainability and
           resiliency, which benefit the System and the communities McDonald's serves. The Company monitors environmental regulations and stakeholder
           expectations in order to be well-positioned to respond in a timely and appropriate manner, as it cannot predict the precise nature of how these
           matters will continue to evolve. Although any impact would likely vary by geographic region and/or market, the adoption of new environmental laws
           or regulations may increase costs and/or operational complexity for the Company.
                To guide its management of environmental matters and to strengthen its resiliency, the Company has developed goals and commitments that
           are informed by relevant frameworks, including the Taskforce on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). These include initiatives to
           reduce Systemwide greenhouse gas emissions, support deforestation free sourcing throughout the Company's global supply chain, efficiently
           manage natural resources and support biodiversity, responsibly source ingredients and packaging and increase the availability of recycling in
           restaurants to reduce waste. These are areas of increasing importance to the Company and its stakeholders and where the Company believes it
           can have a significant impact and help to drive industry-wide change. In recent years, the Company has made significant progress on many of its
           global goals and commitments. You can find more information about these initiatives, as well as other environmental sustainability matters, in the
           Company's “Our Purpose & Impact” report. Information can also be found in the Company's annual Climate Change, Forests and Water reports
           submitted to CDP, an organization that helps companies manage their environmental impacts.
                 The Company monitors and manages the evolving environmental landscape to further understand potential risks and opportunities for the
           business in collaboration with expert partners. The Company believes taking action on environmental matters will drive long-term business value
           by ensuring that it is managing operational costs in its energy supply, improving the security of its raw material supply, stewarding the environment
           in its surrounding communities and reducing its exposure to increasing environmental risks, regulation and costs.

           SUPPLY CHAIN, FOOD SAFETY AND QUALITY
           The Company and its franchisees purchase food, packaging, equipment and other goods from numerous independent suppliers. The Company
           has established and enforces high food safety and quality standards and maintains quality centers around the world designed to promote
           consistency of these quality standards and menu compliance. The quality management systems and processes involve ongoing product reviews,
           virtual supplier visits and third-party verifications. A Food Safety Advisory Council, comprised of the Company’s internal food safety experts as well
           as suppliers and outside academics, supports our food safety risk management work and provides strategic global leadership for all aspects of
           food safety and quality. The Company also has ongoing programs to elevate food safety culture throughout the business by educating employees
           about food safety practices, including proper storage, handling and preparation of food for customers, and conducting trainings for its suppliers
           and restaurant operators to share best practices on food safety and quality.
               The Company works closely with suppliers to encourage innovation and drive continuous improvement across its global supply chain.
           Leveraging its scale, supply chain infrastructure and risk management strategies, the Company collaborates with suppliers on contingency
           planning to achieve continuous supply and competitive, predictable costs over the long term. The Company also works closely with suppliers and
           other third-party experts to drive sustainable sourcing initiatives, including the environmental matters discussed above and improving the health
           and welfare of the animals within its supply chain. Led by its Chief Supply Chain Officer, the Company has developed and implemented a
           comprehensive strategy that its global supply chain organization leverages to identify, assess and manage risk in its supply chain.
               To reinforce the importance of its values, the Company maintains a Supplier Code of Conduct that applies to all of its suppliers around the
           world. The Company expects all of its suppliers to meet the rigorous standards set forth in the Code, which cover areas including human rights,
           workplace environment, business integrity and environmental management. In addition, the Company has a comprehensive Supplier Workplace
           Accountability (SWA) program to help suppliers understand its expectations, verify compliance and work toward continuous improvement.

           PRODUCTS
           McDonald’s restaurants offer a substantially uniform menu, although there are geographic variations to suit local consumer preferences and
           tastes.
               McDonald’s menu features hamburgers and cheeseburgers, the Big Mac, the Quarter Pounder with Cheese, the Filet-O-Fish, the McChicken
           and other chicken sandwiches, Chicken McNuggets, World Famous Fries, salads, shakes, McFlurry frozen desserts, sundaes, soft serve cones,
           bakery items, soft drinks, coffee, McCafé beverages and other beverages.
               McDonald’s restaurants in the U.S. and many international markets offer a full or limited breakfast menu. Breakfast offerings may include
           breakfast sandwiches, such as the Egg McMuffin, Sausage McMuffin with Egg and McGriddles, biscuit and bagel sandwiches, oatmeal, hash
           browns, breakfast burritos and hotcakes.
               In addition to these menu items, restaurants sell a variety of other products during limited-time promotions.
           Taste, quality, choice, value and nutrition are important to customers, and the Company is continuously evolving its menu to meet its customers'
           needs, including testing new products on an ongoing basis.

           MARKETING
           McDonald’s global brand is well known. Marketing, promotional and public relations activities are designed with customers in mind and are
           focused on promoting the McDonald’s brand and differentiating the Company from its competitors. Marketing and promotional efforts focus on
           value, quality, food taste, menu choice, nutrition, convenience, cultural relevance and the customer experience.




                                                                                                                       McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 6




7 sur 84                                                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                            https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




           INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

           The Company owns or is licensed to use valuable intellectual property, including trademarks, service marks, patents, copyrights, trade secrets and
           other proprietary information. The Company considers the "McDonald's" trademark and the Golden Arches Logo to be of material importance to its
           business. Depending on the jurisdiction, trademarks and service marks generally are valid as long as they are used and/or registered. The
           Company's patents, copyrights and licenses are of varying durations.

           COMPETITION
           McDonald’s restaurants compete with international, national, regional and local retailers of traditional, fast casual and other food service
           competitors. The Company measures its competitive position within the informal eating out ("IEO") segment, which is inclusive of the Company's
           primary competition of quick-service restaurants, but also includes 100% home delivery/takeaway providers, street stalls or kiosks, cafés,
           specialist coffee shops, self-service cafeterias and juice/smoothie bars. The Company competes among quick-service restaurants primarily on the
           basis of price, convenience, service, experience, menu variety and product quality.

           GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS
           The Company has global operations and is therefore subject to the laws of the United States and many foreign jurisdictions in which it operates
           and the rules and regulations of various governing bodies, which may differ among jurisdictions. As discussed under “Legal Proceedings –
           Government Regulations” on page 33 of this Form 10-K, governments have adopted laws and regulations involving various aspects of the
           restaurant business, including, but not limited to, advertising, franchising, health, safety, environment, competition, zoning, employment and
           taxation.
                In addition, during the last three years, markets experienced varying levels of governmental restrictions on restaurant operations in response
           to the COVID-19 pandemic, including restrictions related to operating hours, dine-in capacity, and dining room and restaurant closures. These
           restrictions affected the Company’s revenues for all three years, with a more limited impact in 2022 due to the lesser extent of the restrictions.
                While costs associated with legal and regulatory compliance have increased along with the number and scope of laws and regulations
           affecting our business, these costs are not expected to have a material effect on the Company’s capital expenditures, earnings or competitive
           position.




                                                                                                                      McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 7




8 sur 84                                                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




           MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
           OPERATIONS
           MANAGEMENT'S VIEW OF THE BUSINESS
           In analyzing business trends, management reviews results on a constant currency basis and considers a variety of performance and financial
           measures, some of which are considered to be non-GAAP, including comparable sales and guest count growth, Systemwide sales growth, after-
           tax return on invested capital from continuing operations, free cash flow and free cash flow conversion rate, as described below. Management
           believes these measures are important in understanding the financial performance of the Company.
           •    Constant currency results exclude the effects of foreign currency translation and are calculated by translating current year results at prior
                year average exchange rates. Management reviews and analyzes business results excluding the effect of foreign currency translation,
                impairment and other charges and gains, as well as material regulatory and other income tax impacts, and bases incentive compensation
                plans on these results because the Company believes this better represents underlying business trends.
           •    Comparable sales and comparable guest counts are compared to the same period in the prior year and represent sales and transactions,
                respectively, at all restaurants, whether operated by the Company or by franchisees, in operation at least thirteen months including those
                temporarily closed. Some of the reasons restaurants may be temporarily closed include reimaging or remodeling, rebuilding, road
                construction, natural disasters and acts of war, terrorism or other hostilities (including restaurants temporarily closed due to COVID-19, as
                well as those that remain closed in Ukraine). Restaurants in Russia were treated as permanently closed as of April 1, 2022 and therefore
                excluded from the calculation of comparable sales and comparable guest counts beginning in the second quarter of 2022. Comparable sales
                exclude the impact of currency translation and the sales of any market considered hyper-inflationary (generally identified as those markets
                whose cumulative inflation rate over a three-year period exceeds 100%), which management believes more accurately reflects the underlying
                business trends. Comparable sales are driven by changes in guest counts and average check, the latter of which is affected by changes in
                pricing and product mix.
           •    Systemwide sales include sales at all restaurants, whether operated by the Company or by franchisees. This includes sales from digital
                channels, which are comprised of the mobile app, delivery and kiosk at both Company-operated and franchised restaurants. While franchised
                sales are not recorded as revenues by the Company, management believes the information is important in understanding the Company's
                financial performance because these sales are the basis on which the Company calculates and records franchised revenues and are
                indicative of the financial health of the franchisee base. The Company's revenues consist of sales by Company-operated restaurants and
                fees from franchised restaurants operated by conventional franchisees, developmental licensees and affiliates. Changes in Systemwide sales
                are primarily driven by comparable sales and net restaurant unit expansion.
           •    The Company’s after-tax return on invested capital ("ROIC") from continuing operations is a metric that management believes measures
                capital-allocation effectiveness over time. Other companies may calculate ROIC differently, limiting the usefulness of the measure for
                comparisons with other companies. Refer to the reconciliation in Exhibit 99.1 to this Form 10-K for further information on the Company's
                calculation of ROIC.
           •    Free cash flow, defined as cash provided by operations less capital expenditures, and free cash flow conversion rate, defined as free cash
                flow divided by net income, are measures reviewed by management in order to evaluate the Company’s ability to convert net profits into cash
                resources, after reinvesting in the core business, that can be used to pursue opportunities to enhance shareholder value. Refer to the
                reconciliations in Exhibit 99.1 to this Form 10-K for further information on the Company's calculations of free cash flow and free cash flow
                conversion rate.

           2022 FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
           In 2022, global comparable sales increased 10.9%, primarily due to strong sales performance across all segments from continued execution of the
           Accelerating the Arches strategy.
           •    Comparable sales in the U.S. increased 5.9%, benefiting primarily from strong average check growth driven by strategic menu price
                increases, successful menu and marketing promotions and continued digital and delivery growth.
           •    Comparable sales in the International Operated segment increased 13.3%, reflecting positive comparable sales across the segment,
                primarily driven by France, Germany and the U.K.
           •    Comparable sales in the International Developmental Licensed segment increased 16.0%, reflecting positive comparable sales across the
                segment, led by Japan and Brazil, partly offset by negative comparable sales in China due to continued COVID-19 related government
                restrictions.
           Earnings and cash flow growth rates presented below were impacted in 2022 by charges from the sale of the Company's business in Russia, the
           settlement of a tax audit in France and a gain on the sale of the Company's Dynamic Yield business. Additionally, 2021 results were impacted by
           gains on the Company's sale of McDonald's Japan stock, the remeasurement of deferred taxes as a result of a change in the U.K. statutory
           income tax rate and charges from the sale of McD Tech Labs.
                Current year and prior year charges and gains are detailed along with reconciliations to the non-GAAP measures in the Net Income and
           Diluted Earnings Per Share section on page 12 and Operating Income section on page 17 in this Form 10-K.
           In addition to the comparable sales results above, the Company had the following financial results in 2022:
           •    Consolidated revenues were flat (increased 6% in constant currencies) at $23.2 billion.
           •    Systemwide sales increased 5% (11% in constant currencies) to $118.2 billion.




                                                                                                                       McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 8




9 sur 84                                                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




10 sur 84                                                      4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            •    Consolidated operating income decreased 10% (3% in constant currencies) to $9.4 billion.
            •    Operating margin, defined as operating income as a percent of total revenues, decreased from 44.6% in 2021 to 40.4% in 2022.
            •    Diluted earnings per share of $8.33 decreased 17% (12% in constant currencies).
            •    Cash provided by operations was $7.4 billion, a 19% decrease from the prior year.
            •    Capital expenditures of $1.9 billion were allocated approximately 50% to each of reinvestment in existing restaurants and new restaurant
                 openings.
            •    Free cash flow was $5.5 billion, a 23% decrease from the prior year.
            •    Across the System, over 1,500 new restaurants (including those in our developmental licensee and affiliated markets) were opened.
            •    The Company increased its quarterly cash dividend per share by 10% to $1.52 for the fourth quarter, equivalent to an annual dividend of
                 $6.08 per share. The Company returned a total of $8.1 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases in 2022.

            STRATEGIC DIRECTION
            In early 2023, the Company announced an evolution of its successful Accelerating the Arches strategy (the “Strategy”). The Strategy, which
            encompasses all aspects of McDonald’s business as the leading global omni-channel restaurant brand, continues to reflect the Company’s
            purpose, mission and values. Enhancements to the Strategy include the additions of Restaurant Development to the MCD growth pillars and an
            internal effort, Accelerating the Organization, both of which are aimed at elevating the Company’s performance. The Company's guiding purpose,
            mission and values are discussed in a dedicated section on page 4 of this Form 10-K.

            GROWTH PILLARS
            The following growth pillars, MCD, build on historic strengths and articulate areas of further opportunity. Under the Strategy, the Company will:
            •    Maximize our Marketing by investing in new, culturally relevant approaches, grounded in fan truths, to effectively communicate the story of
                 our brand, food and purpose. This is exemplified by campaigns that elevate the entire brand, such as the Famous Orders platform that has
                 been repeatedly adopted by markets across the globe, the FIFA World Cup campaign that debuted in 75 markets, the UK’s Raise Your
                 Arches campaign that was picked up by 30 markets around the globe and The Cactus Plant Flea Market Box in the U.S. The Company is
                 committed to a marketing strategy that highlights value at every tier of the menu, as affordability remains a cornerstone of the McDonald’s
                 brand and is especially important to our customers in uncertain economic environments.

            •    Commit to the Core menu by tapping into customer demand for the familiar and focusing on serving our iconic products such as our World
                 Famous Fries, the Big Mac, our Chicken McNuggets and the McFlurry. Around the world, McDonald’s possesses 10 of these "billion-dollar
                 brand equities." The Company will continue to improve on its classics by implementing a series of operational and formulation changes
                 designed to deliver hotter, juicer, tastier burgers across the globe. While leaning into core icons like Chicken McNuggets, ongoing focus will
                 include scaling emerging equities such as the McSpicy and McCrispy Chicken Sandwiches. The Company also continues to see a significant
                 opportunity with coffee, demonstrated by markets leveraging the McCafé brand, customer experience, value and quality to drive long-term
                 growth.

            •    Double Down on the 4D's: Digital, Delivery, Drive Thru and the recent addition of Restaurant Development by leveraging competitive
                 strengths and building a powerful digital experience growth engine to deliver a personalized and convenient customer experience. To unlock
                 further growth, the Company expects to continue to accelerate the pace of restaurant openings and technology innovation so that whenever
                 and however customers choose to interact with McDonald’s, they can enjoy a fast, easy experience that meets their needs. In 2022, digital
                 channels (the mobile app, delivery and kiosk) comprised nearly 35% of Systemwide sales in the Company’s top six markets, representing
                 over $25 billion in digital Systemwide sales.

                     ◦    Digital: The Company’s digital experience growth engine — “MyMcDonald’s” — is transforming its offerings across drive thru,
                          takeaway, delivery, curbside pick-up and dine-in with digital enhancements. Through the digital tools, customers can access
                          personalized offers, participate in a loyalty program, order through the mobile app and receive McDonald's food through the channel
                          of their choice. The Company has successful loyalty programs in over 50 markets around the world, including its top six markets. As
                          of December 31, 2022, the Company’s loyalty customers have proven to be highly engaged, with nearly 50 million active loyalty
                          members across the top six markets in the last 90 days, including 28 million in the U.S.
                     ◦    Delivery: The Company has continued to expand the number of restaurants offering delivery to nearly 35,000, representing over
                          85% of McDonald's restaurants. Delivery is available in about 100 markets, and the Company is continuing to build on and enhance
                          the delivery experience for customers by adding the ability to place a delivery order on the McDonald's mobile app in some of its
                          largest markets. This capability is now available in the U.S., the U.K., Canada and Australia. The Company has also put in place
                          long-term strategic partnerships with UberEats, DoorDash, Just Eat Takeaway.com and Deliveroo. These partnerships are expected
                          to benefit the Company, its customers and franchisees by optimizing operational efficiencies and creating a seamless customer
                          experience.

                     ◦    Drive Thru: The Company has drive thru locations in over 26,000 restaurants globally, including nearly 95% of the over 13,000
                          locations in the U.S. This channel remains a competitive advantage, and we expect that it will become even more critical to meeting
                          customers’ demand for flexibility and choice. The Company continues to build on its drive thru advantage, as the vast majority of
                          new restaurant openings in the U.S. and International Operated Market segments will include a drive thru.



                                                                                                                        McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 9




11 sur 84                                                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




                        ◦   Restaurant Development: The Company will accelerate the pace of restaurant openings with the recent addition of this component
                            to the MCD growth pillars. In 2023, the Company plans to open approximately 1,900 new restaurant units across the globe, which
                            will contribute to nearly 4% net unit growth. The Company believes there is opportunity for further growth in many of its largest
                            markets and to explore new formats under the McDonald’s brand over the coming years.

            FOUNDATION
            Foundational to the Strategy is keeping the customer and restaurant crew at the center of everything we do, along with a relentless focus on
            running great restaurants, empowering our people and modernizing ways of working through Accelerating the Organization.

                •      Running Great Restaurants: The Company offers the speed, choice and personalization that its customers expect and serves delicious
                       food people feel good about eating, with convenient locations and hours and affordable prices.

                •      Empowering our People: The Company believes the employee experience is critical to its success and, in 2022, implemented Global
                       Brand Standards which are designed to create a culture of safety for both employees and customers in McDonald’s restaurants around
                       the world.

                •      Accelerating the Organization: The Company will unlock further growth as it modernizes the way it works by focusing on becoming
                       faster, more innovative and more efficient at solving problems for its customers and people. This work is guided by a commitment to
                       provide people with career paths for growth and development that capitalize on the global nature of the Company's business.

            These efforts, coupled with investments in innovation, are designed to enhance the customer experience and deliver long-term profitable growth
            for all stakeholders. The Strategy is aligned with the Company’s capital allocation philosophy of investing in opportunities to grow the business
            (through new restaurants and reinvesting in existing restaurants) and returning free cash flow to shareholders over time through dividends and
            share repurchases.

            The Company believes the Strategy builds on its inherent strengths by harnessing its competitive advantages while leveraging its size, scale and
            agility to adapt and adjust to uncertain economic and operating environments to meet consumer demands. The Strategy is supported by a strong
            global senior leadership team aimed at executing against the MCD growth pillars and accelerating the Company’s broad-based business
            momentum.


            OUTLOOK
                    Based on current conditions, the following is provided to assist in forecasting the Company's future results for 2023.
                       •     The Company expects net restaurant unit expansion will contribute nearly 1.5% to 2023 Systemwide sales growth, in constant
                             currencies.
                       •     The Company expects full year 2023 selling, general and administrative expenses of about 2.2% to 2.3% of Systemwide sales.
                       •     The Company expects 2023 operating margin percent to be about 45%.
                       •     Based on current interest and foreign currency exchange rates, the Company expects interest expense for the full year 2023 to
                             increase between 10% and 12%, driven primarily by higher average interest rates.
                       •     The Company expects the effective income tax rate for the full year 2023 to be in the 20% to 22% range. Some volatility may result
                             in a quarterly tax rate outside of the annual range.
                       •     The Company expects 2023 capital expenditures to be between $2.2 and $2.4 billion, about half of which will be directed towards
                             new restaurant unit expansion across the U.S. and International Operated Markets. Globally, the Company expects to open about
                             1,900 restaurants. The Company will open more than 400 restaurants in the U.S. and International Operated Markets segments,
                             and developmental licensees and affiliates will contribute capital towards about 1,500 restaurant openings in their respective
                             markets. The Company expects about 1,500 net restaurant additions in 2023.
                       •     The Company expects to achieve a free cash flow conversion rate greater than 90%.




                                                                                                                         McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 10




12 sur 84                                                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            CONSOLIDATED OPERATING RESULTS
            The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes beginning on page 35
            of this Form 10-K. This section generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and the year-to-year comparisons between the years ended December
            31, 2022 and 2021. Discussions of 2020 items and the year-to-year comparisons between the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are not
            included in their entirety in this Form 10-K and can be found in the “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
            Operations” section of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 24,
            2022.
            Impact of COVID-19 Restrictions
            During the last three years, markets experienced varying levels of governmental restrictions on restaurant operations in response to the COVID-19
            pandemic, including restrictions related to operating hours, dine-in capacity, and dining room and restaurant closures. These restrictions affected
            the Company’s revenues for all three years, with a more limited impact in 2022 due to the lesser extent of the restrictions. As most revenues and
            the Company's share of net results in equity investments are based on a percent of sales, consumer sentiment and government restrictions as a
            result of COVID-19 may continue to have an impact on results.

            Impact of the War in Ukraine
            During the first quarter of 2022, McDonald’s temporarily closed restaurants in Russia and Ukraine due to the ongoing war in the region.
            Restaurants remained closed in Russia through the Company's sale of its Russian business in the second quarter 2022.
            Beginning in September 2022, the Company began reopening restaurants in Ukraine.



            Operating results
                                                                                                 2022                                    2021                2020
                                                                                              Increase/                               Increase/
            Dollars and shares in millions, except per share data           Amount          (decrease)            Amount            (decrease)             Amount
            Revenues
            Sales by Company-operated restaurants                         $ 8,748               (11 %)          $ 9,787                  20 %           $ 8,139
            Revenues from franchised restaurants                            14,106                8              13,085                  22              10,726
            Other revenues                                                     329               (6)                351                   2                 343
                 Total revenues                                            23,183                —               23,223                  21              19,208
            Operating costs and expenses
            Company-operated restaurant expenses                              7,381              (8)               8,047                 15                6,981
            Franchised restaurants-occupancy expenses                         2,350               1                2,335                  6                2,208
            Other restaurant expenses                                           245              (6)                 260                 (2)                 267
            Selling, general & administrative expenses
                Depreciation and amortization                                  370              12                  330                  10                 301
                Other                                                        2,492               5                2,378                   6               2,245
            Other operating (income) expense, net                              974              n/m                (483)              n/m                  (118)
                 Total operating costs and expenses                         13,812               7               12,867                   8              11,884
            Operating income                                                 9,371             (10)              10,356                  41               7,324
            Interest expense                                                 1,207               2                1,186                  (3)              1,218
            Nonoperating (income) expense, net                                 339              n/m                  42                  n/m                (35)
            Income before provision for income taxes                         7,825             (14)               9,128                  49               6,141
            Provision for income taxes                                       1,648               4                1,583                  12               1,410
            Net income                                                    $ 6,177              (18 %)           $ 7,545                  59 %           $ 4,731
            Earnings per common share—diluted                             $ 8.33               (17 %)           $ 10.04                  59 %           $ 6.31
            Weighted-average common shares outstanding—
               diluted                                                       741.3               (1 %)             751.8                 —%                750.1
            n/m Not meaningful

            IMPACT OF FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION ON REPORTED RESULTS

            The impact of foreign currency translation on consolidated operating results in 2022 reflected the weakening of all major currencies against the
            U.S. Dollar, driven by the Euro, British Pound, and Australian Dollar.
                 While changes in foreign currency exchange rates affect reported results, McDonald’s mitigates exposures, where practical, by purchasing
            goods and services in local currencies, financing in local currencies and hedging certain foreign-denominated cash flows. Results excluding the
            effect of foreign currency translation (referred to as constant currency) are calculated by translating current year results at prior year average
            exchange rates.




                                                                                                                       McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 11



13 sur 84                                                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




14 sur 84                                                      4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            Impact of foreign currency translation on reported results

                                                                                                                                             Currency translation
                                                                                                  Reported amount                                  benefit/(cost)
            In millions, except per share data                                 2022           2021          2020           2022            2021            2020
            Revenues                                                       $ 23,183       $ 23,223      $ 19,208      $ (1,419)       $    488        $     (75)
            Company-operated margins                                          1,368          1,740         1,158            (99)             42              (1)
            Franchised margins                                               11,756         10,750         8,519          (646)            223               32
            Selling, general & administrative expenses                        2,862          2,708         2,546             63             (28)             (2)
            Operating income                                                  9,371         10,356         7,324          (652)            231               35
            Net income                                                        6,177          7,545         4,731          (386)            150               26
            Earnings per common share—diluted                                  8.33          10.04          6.31         (0.52)            0.20            0.04


            NET INCOME AND DILUTED EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE
            In 2022, net income decreased 18% (13% in constant currencies) to $6.2 billion and diluted earnings per common share decreased 17% (12% in
            constant currencies) to $8.33. Foreign currency translation had a negative impact of $0.52 on diluted earnings per share.


            2022 results included:
                    •     Net pre-tax charges of $1,281 million, or $1.44 per share, related to the sale of the Company's business in Russia
                    •     Net pre-tax gain of $271 million, or $0.40 per share, related to the Company's sale of its Dynamic Yield business
                    •     $537 million, or $0.73 per share, of nonoperating expense related to the settlement of a tax audit in France
            2021 results included:
                    •     Net pre-tax gains of $339 million, or $0.33 per share, primarily related to the sale of McDonald's Japan stock
                    •     Pre-tax charges of $54 million, or $0.05 per share, primarily related to the sale of McD Tech Labs
                    •     $364 million, or $0.48 per share, of income tax benefit related to the remeasurement of deferred taxes as a result of a change in the
                          U.K. statutory income tax rate


            Outlined below is additional information for the full year 2022 and 2021:

            Net Income Reconciliation
                                                                                                                                            Increase/(decrease)
                                                                                                                                             excluding currency
                                                                                                   Amount      Increase/(decrease)                   translation
                                                                                      2022          2021                    2022                           2022
            GAAP net income                                                $       6,177.4 $     7,545.2                  (18 %)                         (13 %)
            (Gains) charges                                                          770.7        (202.7)
            Income tax (benefit) cost, net                                              —         (363.7)
            France tax settlement                                                    537.2            —
            Non-GAAP net income                                            $       7,485.3 $     6,978.8                     7 %                          13 %


            Diluted Earnings Per Common Share Reconciliation
                                                                                                                                           Increase/(decrease)
                                                                                                                                            excluding currency
                                                                                                     Amount Increase/(decrease)                     translation
                                                                                      2022            2021                 2022                           2022
            GAAP earnings per share-diluted                                    $      8.33 $         10.04               (17 %)                         (12 %)
            (Gains) charges                                                           1.04           (0.28)
            Income tax (benefit) cost, net                                              —            (0.48)
            France tax settlement                                                     0.73              —
            Non-GAAP earnings per share-diluted                                $     10.10 $          9.28                 9 %                            15 %

                 In constant currencies, after consideration of the adjustments to reconcile our GAAP to Non-GAAP results above, 2022 reflected strong
            operating performance driven by higher sales-driven Franchised margins. Company-operated margins were negatively impacted by the
            permanent restaurant closures as a result of the sale of the Company's business in Russia and the temporary restaurant closures in Ukraine, as
            well as by inflationary cost pressures. In addition, net income reflected an income tax benefit associated with global tax audit progression.
                 The Company repurchased 15.8 million shares of its stock for $3.9 billion in 2022 and 3.4 million shares of its stock for $846 million in 2021.




15 sur 84                                                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...


                                      McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 12




16 sur 84                                                             4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            REVENUES
            The Company's revenues consist of sales by Company-operated restaurants and fees from restaurants operated by franchisees, developmental
            licensees and affiliates. Revenues from conventional franchised restaurants include rent and royalties based on a percent of sales with minimum
            rent payments, and initial fees. Revenues from restaurants licensed to developmental licensees and affiliates include a royalty based on a percent
            of sales, and generally include initial fees. The Company’s Other revenues are comprised of fees paid by franchisees to recover a portion of costs
            incurred by the Company for various technology platforms, revenues from brand licensing arrangements to market and sell consumer packaged
            goods using the McDonald’s brand and, for periods prior to its sale on April 1, 2022, third-party revenues for the Company's Dynamic Yield
            business.
                 Franchised restaurants represented 95% of McDonald's restaurants worldwide at December 31, 2022. The Company's heavily franchised
            business model is designed to generate stable and predictable revenue, which is largely a function of franchisee sales, and resulting cash flow
            streams.
            Revenues
                                                                                                                                        Increase/(decrease)
                                                                                                                                          excluding currency
                                                                                                  Amount     Increase/(decrease)                  translation
            Dollars in millions                                               2022       2021       2020     2022         2021          2022           2021
            Company-operated sales:
            U.S.                                                         $ 2,836     $ 2,617    $ 2,395       8%           9%           8%             9%
            International Operated Markets                                 5,179       6,456      5,114     (20)          26          (11)            23
            International Developmental Licensed Markets &
            Corporate                                                        733         715        630       3           13           16             10
              Total                                                      $ 8,748     $ 9,788    $ 8,139     (11 %)        20 %         (4 %)          18 %
            Franchised revenues:
            U.S.                                                         $ 6,585     $ 6,094    $ 5,261       8%          16 %          8%            16 %
            International Operated Markets                                 5,985       5,638      4,348       6           30           18             24
            International Developmental Licensed Markets &
            Corporate                                                       1,536       1,353      1,117    14            21           22             20
              Total                                                      $ 14,106    $ 13,085   $ 10,726     8%           22 %         14 %           19 %
            Total Company-operated sales and Franchised
            revenues:
            U.S.                                                         $ 9,421     $ 8,711    $ 7,656       8%          14 %          8%            14 %
            International Operated Markets                                11,164      12,094      9,462      (8)          28            2             23
            International Developmental Licensed Markets &
            Corporate                                                       2,269       2,068      1,747    10            18           20             16
              Total                                                      $ 22,854    $ 22,873   $ 18,865    — %           21 %          6%            19 %
            Total Other revenues                                         $    329    $    350   $    343    (6 %)          2%          (3 %)          —%
            Total Revenues                                               $ 23,183    $ 23,223   $ 19,208    — %           21 %          6%            18 %

                 In 2022, total Company-operated sales and franchised revenues were flat (increased 6% in constant currencies). In the International
            Operated Markets segment, results reflected positive constant currency sales performance, driven by France, Germany and the U.K., offset by
            lower Company-operated sales due to permanent restaurant closures as a result of the sale of the Company's business in Russia and the
            temporary restaurant closures in Ukraine. The International Developmental Licensed Markets segment reflected strong sales performance across
            all geographic regions.


            TOTAL REVENUES BY SEGMENT




                   U.S.
                   International Operated Markets
                   International Developmental Licensed Markets & Corporate




17 sur 84                                                                                                                                            4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                         https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...


            The following tables present comparable sales and Systemwide sales increases/(decreases):



                                                                                                            McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 13




18 sur 84                                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                                     https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            Comparable sales increases/(decreases)*
                                                                                                                                    2022             2021               2020
            U.S.                                                                                                                   5.9 %           13.8 %              0.4 %
            International Operated Markets                                                                                        13.3             21.6             (15.0)
            International Developmental Licensed Markets & Corporate                                                              16.0             16.6             (10.5)
              Total                                                                                                               10.9 %           17.0 %             (7.7 %)
                  *For both International Operated Markets and Total comparable sales calculations for 2022, restaurants in Russia were treated as permanently closed starting
                   April 1, 2022 and therefore excluded from the calculations beginning in the second quarter of 2022. Restaurants from Ukraine were treated as temporarily
                   closed and therefore included in the calculations. Beginning in September 2022, the Company began reopening restaurants in Ukraine. Due to the more
                   significant impact of COVID-19 in 2020, comparable sales growth from 2020 to 2021 may not be fully indicative of the Company's performance.

            Systemwide sales increases/(decreases)**
                                                                                                                                                         Increase/(decrease)
                                                                                                                                                           excluding currency
                                                                                                                                                                   translation
                                                                                                                    2022              2021            2022              2021
            U.S.                                                                                                     6%               13 %             6%               13 %
            International Operated Markets                                                                          —                 29              11                24
            International Developmental Licensed Markets & Corporate                                                10                21              21                20
              Total                                                                                                  5%               21 %            11 %              18 %
              ** Unlike comparable sales, the Company has not excluded sales from hyperinflationary markets from Systemwide sales as these sales are the basis on which
                  the Company calculates and records revenues. 2022 results reflect the impact of the permanent restaurant closures as a result of the sale of the Company's
                  business in Russia and the temporary restaurant closures in Ukraine.



                 Franchised sales are not recorded as revenues by the Company, but are the basis on which the Company calculates and records franchised
            revenues and are indicative of the financial health of the franchisee base. The following table presents franchised sales and the related
            increases/(decreases):
            Franchised sales

                                                                                                                                                       Increase/(decrease)
                                                                                                                                                         excluding currency
                                                                                                           Amount       Increase/(decrease)                      translation
            Dollars in millions                                                2022     2021     2020                      2022         2021          2022           2021
            U.S.                                                           $ 45,898 $ 43,344 $ 38,123                       6%          14 %           6%            14 %
            International Operated Markets                                   34,537    33,097   25,446                      4           30            15             24
            International Developmental Licensed Markets &
            Corporate                                                          29,038    26,234   21,609                   11           21            21             21
              Total                                                        $ 109,473 $ 102,675 $ 85,178                     7%          21 %          13 %           18 %

            Ownership type
            Conventional franchised                                        $ 80,066 $ 75,956 $ 63,297                       5%          20 %          10 %           18 %
            Developmental licensed                                            18,444     15,151   11,781                   22           29            31             28
            Foreign affiliated                                                 10,963    11,568   10,100                   (5)          15             6             13
             Total                                                         $ 109,473 $ 102,675 $ 85,178                     7%          21 %          13 %           18 %




                                                                                                                                  McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 14




19 sur 84                                                                                                                                                          4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                                   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            RESTAURANT MARGINS

            Franchised restaurant margins are measured as revenues from franchised restaurants less franchised restaurant occupancy costs. Franchised
            revenues include rent and royalties based on a percent of sales, and initial fees. Franchised restaurant occupancy costs include lease expense
            and depreciation, as the Company generally owns or secures a long-term lease on the land and building for the restaurant location.
                Company-operated restaurant margins are measured as sales from Company-operated restaurants less costs for food & paper, payroll &
            employee benefits and occupancy & other operating expenses necessary to run an individual restaurant. Company-operated margins exclude
            costs that are not allocated to individual restaurants, primarily payroll & employee benefit costs of non-restaurant support staff, which are included
            in Selling, general and administrative expenses.
            Restaurant margins

                                                                                                                                                  Increase/(decrease)
                                                                                                                                                    excluding currency
                                                                                      Amount                       Increase/(decrease)                      translation
            Dollars in millions                                          2022         2021           2020         2022            2021           2022            2021
            Franchised:
            U.S.                                                     $   5,341    $    4,906     $   4,097         9%             20 %           9%             20 %
            International Operated Markets                               4,900         4,516         3,329         8              36            20              29
            International Developmental Licensed Markets &
            Corporate                                                    1,515         1,328         1,093       14               22            23              20
              Total                                                  $ 11,756     $ 10,750       $   8,519         9%             26 %          15 %            24 %
            Company-operated:
            U.S.                                                     $     429    $      511     $     405       (16 %)           26 %         (16 %)           26 %
            International Operated Markets                                 913         1,208           748       (24)             61           (17)             56
            International Developmental Licensed Markets &
            Corporate                                                     n/m           n/m           n/m         n/m             n/m            n/m            n/m
              Total                                                  $   1,368    $    1,740     $   1,158       (21 %)           50 %          (16 %)          47 %
            Total restaurant margins:
            U.S.                                                     $   5,770    $    5,417     $   4,502         7%             20 %           7%             20 %
            International Operated Markets                               5,813         5,724         4,077         2              40            12              34
            International Developmental Licensed Markets &
            Corporate                                                     n/m           n/m           n/m         n/m             n/m            n/m            n/m
              Total                                                  $ 13,124     $ 12,490       $   9,677         5%             29 %          11 %            26 %
            n/m Not meaningful
            In 2022, total restaurant margins increased 5% (11% in constant currencies), which reflected strong sales performance across all segments.
                 Franchised margins represented nearly 90% of restaurant margin dollars.
                 Total restaurant margin growth was negatively impacted in both periods by foreign currency translation due to the weakening of all major
            currencies against the U.S. Dollar.
                 Franchised margins in the U.S. reflected higher depreciation costs related to investments in restaurant modernization.
                 Company-operated margins in the U.S. and International Operated Markets segment reflected positive sales performance driven by strategic
            menu price increases, and the negative impact of inflationary pressures. Results in the International Operated Markets segment were also
            negatively impacted by the restaurant closures in Russia and Ukraine.
                 Total restaurant margins included $1,501 million of depreciation and amortization expenses in 2022.
            RESTAURANT MARGINS BY TYPE (In millions)




                                                                                                                          McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 15



20 sur 84                                                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




21 sur 84                                                      4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            SELLING, GENERAL & ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

            Selling, general & administrative expenses

                                                                                                                                                                     Increase/(decrease)
                                                                                                                                                                       excluding currency
                                                                                                             Amount               Increase/(decrease)                          translation
            Dollars in millions                                                      2022  2021  2020                            2022             2021            2022               2021
            U.S.                                                                 $   692 $ 696 $ 625                            (1 %)            11 %            (1 %)              11 %
            International Operated Markets                                           629   692   700                            (9)              (1)             —                  (5)
            International Developmental Licensed Markets &
            Corporate(1)                                                           1,541        1,320        1,221             17                 8              17                   8
              Total Selling, General & Administrative Expenses                   $ 2,862      $ 2,708      $ 2,546              6%                6%              8%                  5%
            Less: Incentive-Based Compensation(2)                                    404          439          158              (8)                 n/m          (6)                   n/m
             Total Excluding Incentive-Based Compensation                        $ 2,458      $ 2,269      $ 2,388               8%               (5 %)          11 %                (6 %)

            (1)   Includes home office support costs in areas such as facilities, finance, human resources, investments in strategic technology initiatives, legal, marketing, restaurant
                  operations, supply chain and training.
            (2)   Includes all cash incentives and share-based compensation expense.

            In 2022, consolidated selling, general and administrative expenses increased 6% (8% in constant currencies), reflecting higher costs for
            investments in restaurant technology, incremental costs related to strategic initiatives, the Company's 2022 Worldwide Owner/Operator convention
            and proxy contest, as well as the impact of inflationary cost pressures.

            Management believes that analyzing selling, general & administrative expenses as a percent of Systemwide sales is meaningful because these
            costs are incurred to support the overall McDonald's business.

            SELLING, GENERAL & ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES AS A PERCENT OF SYSTEMWIDE SALES




            OTHER OPERATING (INCOME) EXPENSE, NET

            Other operating (income) expense, net

            In millions                                                                                                                                 2022               2021              2020
            Gains on sales of restaurant businesses                                                                                                  $   (60)        $      (96)     $        (23)
            Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates                                                                                             (113)             (177)             (117)
            Asset dispositions and other (income) expense, net                                                                                           137                 75              290
            Impairment and other charges (gains), net                                                                                                  1,010              (285)             (268)
              Total                                                                                                                                  $   974         $    (483)      $      (118)




22 sur 84                                                                                                                                                                            4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...


                                      McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 16




23 sur 84                                                             4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                                      https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            •    Gains on sales of restaurant businesses
            In 2022, gains on sales of restaurant businesses decreased primarily due to a lower number of restaurant sales in the U.S.

            •    Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates
            In 2022, equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates decreased due to lower equity in earnings from China as a result of the continued impact of
            COVID-19 related government restrictions, and lower equity in earnings from the International Operated Markets segment, primarily as a result of
            dissolving a restaurant joint partnership. Results also reflected lower equity in earnings from Japan, due to the Company's reduced ownership in
            McDonald's Japan when compared to 2021.

            •    Asset dispositions and other (income) expense, net
            Asset dispositions and other (income) expense, net reflected higher asset write-offs, costs incurred to support the Company's business in Ukraine,
            and the comparison to a prior year gain on the strategic sale of restaurant properties. Results also reflected a gain as a result of an increase to fair
            value of an existing restaurant joint venture in connection with the buyout of a joint venture partner within the International Operated Markets
            segment.

            •    Impairment and other charges (gains), net
            In 2022, impairment and other charges (gains), net reflected $1,281 million of pre-tax charges related to the sale of the Company's business in
            Russia and a pre-tax gain of $271 million related to the Company's sale of its Dynamic Yield business.
                 Results in 2021 reflected net pre-tax gains of $339 million, primarily related to the sale of McDonald's Japan stock. These results were partly
            offset by $54 million of pre-tax charges, primarily related to the sale of McD Tech Labs.


            OPERATING INCOME

            Operating income

                                                                                                                                                          Increase/(decrease)
                                                                                                                                                            excluding currency
                                                                                                       Amount               Increase/(decrease)                     translation
            Dollars in millions                                             2022          2021          2020               2022           2021            2022          2021
            U.S.                                                         $ 5,136         $4,755        $3,789              8%             25 %            8%            25 %
            International Operated Markets                                  3,926         5,130         3,315            (23)             55            (13)            48
            International Developmental Licensed Markets &
            Corporate                                                         309           471           220            (34)             n/m            (5)            n/m
              Total                                                        $9,371       $10,356        $7,324            (10 %)           41 %           (3 %)          38 %
            Operating margin                                                 40.4 %         44.6 %        38.1 %


            Operating income reconciliation*
                                                                                                                                                          Increase/(decrease)
                                                                                                                                                            excluding currency
                                                                                                                Amount          Increase/(decrease)                 translation
            Dollars in millions                                                             2022                 2021                       2022                         2022
            GAAP operating income                                               $         9,371               $10,356                     (10 %)                        (3 %)
              Russia sale charge                                                           1,281                   —
              Dynamic Yield sale gain                                                      (271)                   —
              Japan stock sale gains                                                          —                 (339)
              McD Tech Labs sale charge                                                       —                    54
            Non-GAAP operating income                                                    $10,381              $10,071                        3%                        10 %
            Non-GAAP operating margin                                                        44.8 %                43.4 %

                  *Refer to the Impairment and other charges (gains), net line within the Other Operating (Income) Expense, Net section above for details of the gains and
                  charges in this table.
            •    Operating Income: Operating income decreased 10% (3% in constant currencies). Excluding the current year and prior year items in the
                 table above, operating income increased 3% (10% in constant currencies) for 2022.

                      •     U.S.: Operating income increased due to sales-driven growth in Franchised margins, partly offset by inflationary pressures on labor
                            and commodities in Company-operated restaurant margins.

                      •     International Operated Markets: Constant currency results reflected positive sales performance led by France, Germany, and the
                            U.K. Results were partly offset by the impact of restaurant closures in Russia and Ukraine as well as inflationary pressures in
                            Company-operated restaurant margins.

                      •     International Developmental Licensed Markets & Corporate: Results reflected strong sales performance, primarily in Brazil and
                            Japan, and higher Corporate general and administrative expenses.

                                                                                                                                  McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 17



24 sur 84                                                                                                                                                           4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




25 sur 84                                                      4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                                     https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            OPERATING INCOME BY SEGMENT*




                  U.S.
                  International Operated Markets
                  International Developmental Licensed Markets & Corporate*

            *The IDL segment data in this graphic excludes Corporate activities, which is a Non-GAAP presentation.

            •    Operating margin: Operating margin is defined as operating income as a percent of total revenues. The contributions to operating margin
                 differ by segment due to each segment's ownership structure, primarily due to the relative percentage of franchised versus Company-
                 operated restaurants. Additionally, temporary restaurant closures, which vary by segment, impact the contribution of each segment to the
                 consolidated operating margin.


            NON-GAAP OPERATING MARGIN PERCENT ROLL-FORWARD*




                                                                        Non-GAAP                Increase        Decrease

            *Refer to the Operating Income section on page 17 in this Form 10-K for details regarding operating margin percent for 2022.




26 sur 84                                                                                                                                         4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...


                                      McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 18




27 sur 84                                                             4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            INTEREST EXPENSE

            Interest expense increased 2% (4% in constant currencies) and decreased 3% (4% in constant currencies) in 2022 and 2021, respectively.
            Results in 2022 reflected higher average interest rates.


            NONOPERATING (INCOME) EXPENSE, NET

            Nonoperating (income) expense, net

            In millions                                                                                                           2022          2021        2020
            Interest income                                                                                                    $   (44)     $     (9)   $    (18)
            Foreign currency and hedging activity                                                                                (134)           37           (3)
            Other expense                                                                                                         517            14          (14)
              Total                                                                                                            $ 339        $    42     $    (35)

            In 2022, Interest income increased due to higher average interest rates.
            Foreign currency and hedging activity includes net gains or losses on certain hedges that reduce the exposure to variability on certain
            intercompany foreign currency cash flow streams.
            In 2022, Other (income) expense, net included $537 million of nonoperating expense related to the settlement of a tax audit in France.



            PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES

            In 2022 and 2021, the reported effective income tax rates were 21.1% and 17.3%, respectively.
                 Results for 2022 reflected the tax impact of $537 million of nonoperating expense related to the settlement of a tax audit in France. During the
            year, the Company finalized and settled certain tax examinations and remeasured other income tax reserves based on audit progression.
                 Results for 2021 included $364 million of income tax benefits due to a change in the U.K. statutory income tax rate. Excluding the income tax
            benefits and the tax impact of net gains, the effective income tax rate for the year was 21.1%.
                Consolidated deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance, was $6.1 billion in 2022 and $6.6 billion in 2021. Substantially all of the net tax
            assets are expected to be realized in the U.S. and other profitable markets.


            RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

            Recently issued accounting standards are included on page 41 of this Form 10-K.


            CASH FLOWS
            The Company has a long history of generating significant cash from operations and has substantial credit capacity to fund operating and
            discretionary spending such as capital expenditures, debt repayments, dividends and share repurchases.
                 Cash provided by operations totaled $7.4 billion in 2022, a decrease of $1.7 billion or 19%. Free cash flow was $5.5 billion in 2022, a
            decrease of $1.6 billion or 23%. The Company’s free cash flow conversion rate was 89% in 2022 and 94% in 2021. Cash provided by operations
            decreased in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to the settlement of a tax audit in France, changes in working capital, and the negative impact
            of foreign currency rates on operating results.
                 Cash used for investing activities totaled $2.7 billion in 2022, an increase of $512 million compared with 2021. The increase was primarily due
            to higher purchases of restaurant businesses, partly offset by proceeds from the sale of Dynamic Yield in 2022 and proceeds from the sale of
            McDonald’s Japan stock in 2021.
                 Cash used for financing activities totaled $6.6 billion in 2022, an increase of $1.0 billion compared with 2021. The increase was primarily due
            to increased treasury stock purchases, partly offset by increased net debt issuances.
                The Company’s cash and equivalents balance was $2.6 billion and $4.7 billion at year end 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition to cash
            and equivalents on hand and cash provided by operations, the Company can meet short-term funding needs through its continued access to
            commercial paper borrowings and line of credit agreements.




28 sur 84                                                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




                                      McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 19




29 sur 84                                                             4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            RESTAURANT DEVELOPMENT AND CAPITAL EXPENDITURES
            In 2022, the Company opened 1,576 restaurants and closed 1,332 restaurants. In 2021, the Company opened 1,494 restaurants and closed 661
            restaurants. The increase in closures in 2022 was primarily due to the closure of 855 restaurants as a result of the sale of the Company's business
            in Russia.

            Systemwide restaurants at year end

                                                                                                                                2022         2021        2020
            U.S.                                                                                                              13,444       13,438      13,682
            International Operated Markets                                                                                    10,103       10,785      10,560
            International Developmental Licensed Markets & Corporate                                                          16,728       15,808      14,956
              Total                                                                                                           40,275       40,031      39,198

            RESTAURANTS BY OWNERSHIP TYPE




                 Franchised restaurants           Company-operated restaurants




                Approximately 95% of the restaurants at year-end 2022 were franchised, including 95% in the U.S., 89% in International Operated Markets
            and 98% in the International Developmental Licensed Markets.
                 Capital expenditures decreased $141 million or 7% in 2022 due to lower reinvestment in existing restaurants, primarily as a result of the sale
            of the Company's business in Russia and temporary restaurant closures in Ukraine.




                                                                                                                      McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 20




30 sur 84                                                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            CAPITAL EXPENDITURES BY TYPE (In millions)




            * Primarily corporate equipment and other office-related expenditures.



                New restaurant investments in all years were concentrated in markets with strong returns and/or opportunities for long-term growth. Average
            development costs vary widely by market depending on the types of restaurants built and the real estate and construction costs within each
            market. These costs, which include land, buildings and equipment, are managed through the use of optimally-sized restaurants, construction and
            design efficiencies, as well as leveraging the Company's global sourcing network and best practices.
                 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company owned approximately 57% and 55%, respectively, of the land and 80% of the buildings for
            restaurants in its consolidated markets.


            SHARE REPURCHASES AND DIVIDENDS

            In 2022, the Company returned approximately $8.1 billion to shareholders through a combination of dividends paid and shares repurchased.
            Shares repurchased and dividends

            In millions, except per share data                                                                            2022        2021         2020
            Number of shares repurchased                                                                                  15.8         3.4           4.3
            Shares outstanding at year end                                                                                 731         745          745
            Dividends declared per share                                                                             $    5.66 $      5.25 $       5.04
            Treasury stock purchases (in Shareholders' equity)                                                       $   3,896 $       846 $        874
            Dividends paid                                                                                               4,168       3,919        3,753
              Total returned to shareholders                                                                         $   8,064 $     4,765 $      4,627

                In December 2019, the Company's Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program, effective January 1, 2020, that authorized the
            purchase of up to $15 billion of the Company's outstanding stock, with no specified expiration date. In 2022, approximately 15.8 million shares
            were repurchased for $3.9 billion, bringing total purchases under the program to approximately 23.5 million shares or $5.6 billion.
                 The Company has paid dividends on its common stock for 47 consecutive years and has increased the dividend amount every year. The
            2022 full year dividend of $5.66 per share reflects the quarterly dividend paid for each of the first three quarters of $1.38 per share, with an
            increase to $1.52 per share paid in the fourth quarter. This 10% increase in the quarterly dividend equates to a $6.08 per share annual dividend
            and reflects the Company’s confidence in the ongoing strength and reliability of its cash flow. As in the past, future dividend amounts will be
            considered after reviewing profitability expectations and financing needs, and will be declared at the discretion of the Company’s Board of
            Directors.




31 sur 84                                                                                                                                           4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




                                      McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 21




32 sur 84                                                             4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            FINANCIAL POSITION AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
            TOTAL ASSETS AND RETURN
            Total assets decreased $3.4 billion or 6% in 2022, primarily due to a decrease in Cash and equivalents driven by lower cash from operations and
            increased treasury stock purchases, partly offset by increased net debt issuances. Net property and equipment decreased $0.9 billion in 2022,
            primarily due to the sale of the Company's business in Russia. Net property and equipment and the Lease right-of-use asset, net represented
            approximately 47% and approximately 25%, respectively, of total assets at year-end. Approximately 87% of total assets were in the U.S. and
            International Operated Markets at year-end 2022.
                 The Company’s after-tax ROIC from continuing operations is a metric that management believes measures capital-allocation effectiveness
            over time and was 22.6%, 21.5% and 14.9% as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The increase from 2020 to 2021 was
            primarily due to improved operating results and recovery from the impact of COVID-19 as well as lower average debt balances compared to the
            prior year. Refer to the reconciliation in Exhibit 99.1 to this Form 10-K.
            FINANCING AND MARKET RISK
            The Company generally borrows on a long-term basis and is exposed to the impact of interest rate changes and foreign currency fluctuations.
            Debt obligations at December 31, 2022 totaled $35.9 billion, compared with $35.6 billion at December 31, 2021. The net increase in 2022 was due
            to net issuances of $1.2 billion, partly offset by the impact of changes in exchange rates on foreign currency denominated debt of $814 million.

            Debt highlights(1)

                                                                                                                                                          2022           2021          2020
            Fixed-rate debt as a percent of total debt(2,3)                                                                                               96 %           95 %          95 %
            Weighted-average annual interest rate of total debt(3)                                                                                       3.5            3.2           3.2
            Foreign currency-denominated debt as a percent of total debt(2)                                                                               36             36            36
            Total debt as a percent of total capitalization (total debt and total Shareholders' equity)(2)                                               120            115           126
            Cash provided by operations as a percent of total debt(2)                                                                                     20             26            17

            (1)   All percentages are as of December 31, except for the weighted-average annual interest rate, which is for the year. See reconciliation in Exhibit 99.1.
            (2)   Based on debt obligations before the effects of fair value hedging adjustments and deferred debt costs. These effects are excluded as they have no impact on the obligation at
                  maturity. See the Debt Financing footnote on page 55 of this Form 10-K.
            (3)   Includes the effect of interest rate swaps used to hedge debt.


                 Standard & Poor's and Moody's currently rate the Company’s commercial paper A-2 and P-2, respectively, and its long-term debt BBB+ and
            Baa1, respectively. To access the debt capital markets, the Company relies on credit-rating agencies to assign short-term and long-term credit
            ratings.
                 Certain of the Company’s debt obligations contain cross-acceleration provisions and restrictions on Company and subsidiary mortgages and
            the long-term debt of certain subsidiaries. There are no provisions in the Company’s debt obligations that would accelerate repayment of debt as a
            result of a change in credit ratings or a material adverse change in the Company’s business. In December 2022, the Company's Board of
            Directors authorized $15 billion of borrowing capacity with no specified expiration date, all of which remained outstanding as of December 31,
            2022. These borrowings may include (i) public or private offering of debt securities; (ii) direct borrowing from banks or other financial institutions;
            and (iii) other forms of indebtedness. In addition to debt securities available through a medium-term notes program registered with the SEC and a
            Global Medium-Term Notes program, the Company is authorized to issue up to $5 billion of commercial paper, and has $3.5 billion available under
            a committed line of credit agreement (see the Debt Financing footnote on page 55 of this Form 10-K). As of December 31, 2022, the Company's
            subsidiaries also had $267 million of borrowings outstanding, primarily under uncommitted foreign currency line of credit agreements.
                  The Company uses major capital markets, bank financings and derivatives to meet its financing requirements. The Company manages its
            debt portfolio in response to changes in interest rates and foreign currency rates by periodically retiring, redeeming and repurchasing debt,
            terminating swaps and using derivatives. The Company does not hold or issue derivatives for trading purposes. All swaps are over-the-counter
            instruments.
                  In managing the impact of interest rate changes and foreign currency fluctuations, the Company uses interest rate swaps and finances in the
            currencies in which assets are denominated. The Company uses foreign currency debt and derivatives to hedge the foreign currency risk
            associated with certain royalties, intercompany financings and long-term investments in foreign subsidiaries and affiliates. This reduces the impact
            of fluctuating foreign currencies on cash flows and shareholders’ equity. Total foreign currency-denominated debt was $13.0 billion and $12.8
            billion for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition, where practical, the Company’s restaurants purchase goods
            and services in local currencies resulting in natural hedges. See the Summary of significant accounting policies footnote related to financial
            instruments and hedging activities on page 45 of this Form 10-K for additional information regarding the accounting impact and use of derivatives.
                  The Company does not have significant exposure to any individual counterparty and has master agreements that contain netting
            arrangements. Certain of these agreements also require each party to post collateral if credit ratings fall below, or aggregate exposures exceed,
            certain contractual limits. At December 31, 2022, the Company was required to post $78 million of collateral due to the negative fair value of
            certain derivative positions. The Company's counterparties were not required to post collateral on any derivative position, other than on certain
            hedges of the Company’s supplemental benefit plan liabilities where the counterparties were required to post collateral on their liability positions.
                 The Company’s net asset exposure is diversified among a broad basket of currencies. The Company’s largest net asset exposures (defined
            as foreign currency assets less foreign currency liabilities) at year end were as follows:



                                                                                                                                             McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 22




33 sur 84                                                                                                                                                                          4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                                 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            Foreign currency net asset exposures

            In millions of U.S. Dollars                                                                                                        2022            2021
            British Pounds Sterling                                                                                                         $ 1,167         $ 1,293
            Australian Dollars                                                                                                                  884             855
            Canadian Dollars                                                                                                                    575              904
            Polish Zloty                                                                                                                        444              427
            New Zealand Dollars                                                                                                                 275              267
                 The Company prepared sensitivity analyses of its financial instruments to determine the impact of hypothetical changes in interest rates and
            foreign currency exchange rates on the Company’s results of operations, cash flows and the fair value of its financial instruments. The interest rate
            analysis assumed a one percentage point adverse change in interest rates on all financial instruments, but did not consider the effects of the
            reduced level of economic activity that could exist in such an environment. The foreign currency rate analysis assumed that each foreign currency
            rate would change by 10% in the same direction relative to the U.S. Dollar on all financial instruments; however, the analysis did not include the
            potential impact on revenues, local currency prices or the effect of fluctuating currencies on the Company’s anticipated foreign currency royalties
            and other payments received from the markets. Based on the results of these analyses of the Company’s financial instruments, neither a one
            percentage point adverse change in interest rates from 2022 levels nor a 10% adverse change in foreign currency rates from 2022 levels would
            materially affect the Company’s results of operations, cash flows or the fair value of its financial instruments.
            LIQUIDITY AND USES OF CASH
                 The Company generates significant cash from operations and expects available cash and cash equivalents, future operating cash flows and
            its ability to issue debt to be sufficient to finance its foreseeable operating needs and other cash requirements.
                 Consistent with prior years, the Company expects existing domestic cash and equivalents, domestic cash flows from operations, the ability to
            issue domestic debt and repatriation of a portion of foreign earnings to continue to be sufficient to fund its domestic operating, investing and
            financing activities. The Company also continues to expect existing foreign cash and equivalents and foreign cash flows from operations to be
            sufficient to fund its foreign operating, investing and financing activities. In the future, should more capital be required to fund activities in the U.S.
            than is generated by domestic operations and is available through the issuance of domestic debt, the Company could elect to repatriate a greater
            portion of future periods' earnings from foreign jurisdictions.
                The Company has significant operations outside the U.S. where it earns approximately 60% of its operating income. A significant portion of
            these historical earnings have been reinvested in foreign jurisdictions where the Company has made, and will continue to make, substantial
            investments to support the ongoing development and growth of its international operations.
            Sources of Liquidity
                 The Company has long-term revenue and cash flow streams that relate to its franchise arrangements. Minimum rent payments under
            franchise arrangements are based on the Company’s underlying investment in owned sites and parallel the Company’s underlying lease
            obligations and escalations on properties that are leased. The Company believes that control over the real estate enables it to achieve restaurant
            performance levels that are among the highest in the industry. Refer to the Franchise Arrangements footnote on page 49 of this Form 10-K for
            additional information on future gross minimum payments due to the Company under existing conventional franchise arrangements.
                  Additionally, the Company is authorized to utilize up to $15 billion of borrowing capacity in various forms by the Board of Directors, all of which
            remained outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The Company is also authorized to issue up to $5 billion of commercial paper, and has $3.5
            billion available under a committed line of credit agreement. Refer to the Financing and Market Risk section on page 22 of this Form 10-K.
            Material Cash Requirements and Uses of Cash
                 Material cash requirements primarily consist of lease obligations (related to both Company-operated and franchised restaurants) and debt
            obligations. Refer to the Leasing Arrangements footnote on page 50 and the Debt Financing footnote on page 55 of this Form 10-K for more
            information.
                 The Company also records liabilities related to supplemental benefit plans maintained in the U.S. as well as liabilities for gross unrecognized
            tax benefits on certain tax positions. Details related to these obligations are provided in the Employee Benefit Plan footnote on page 54 and the
            Income Taxes footnote on page 52 of this Form 10-K.
                The Company contracts with vendors and suppliers in the normal course of business. These contracts may include items related to
            construction projects, inventory, energy, marketing, technology and other services. Generally, these items are shorter term in nature and have no
            minimum payment requirements. These expenses, along with other standard operating expenses incurred, are funded from operating cash flows
            and reflected in other areas of this Form 10-K (e.g., franchised margins, Company-operated margins and selling, general & administrative
            expenses that are reflected in the Consolidated Statement of Income and capital expenditures that are reflected on the Consolidated Statement of
            Cash Flows).
                Additionally, the Company has guaranteed certain loans totaling approximately $197 million at December 31, 2022. These guarantees are
            contingent commitments generally issued by the Company to support borrowing arrangements of the System. At December 31, 2022, there was
            no carrying value for obligations under these guarantees in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.




                                                                                                                           McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 23




34 sur 84                                                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            OTHER MATTERS
            CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES
            Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is based upon the Company’s consolidated financial
            statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. The preparation of these financial
            statements requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses
            as well as related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates its estimates and judgments based on historical experience and
            various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
                 The Company reviews its financial reporting and disclosure practices and accounting policies quarterly to confirm that they provide accurate
            and transparent information relative to the current economic and business environment. The Company believes that of its significant accounting
            policies, the following involve a higher degree of judgment and/or complexity:

             •   Property and equipment
            Property and equipment are depreciated or amortized on a straight-line basis over their useful lives based on management’s estimates of the
            period over which the assets will generate revenue (not to exceed lease term plus options for leased property). The useful lives are estimated
            based on historical experience with similar assets, taking into account anticipated technological or other changes. Refer to the Property and
            Equipment section in the Summary of Significant Accounting Policies footnote on page 42 of this Form 10-K and the Property and Equipment
            footnote on page 49 of this Form 10-K for additional information.

             •   Leasing Arrangements
            The Lease right-of-use asset and Lease liability include an assumption on renewal options that have not yet been exercised by the Company. The
            Company also uses an incremental borrowing rate in calculating the Lease liability that represents an estimate of the interest rate the Company
            would incur to borrow on a collateralized basis over the term of a lease within a particular currency environment. Refer to the Leasing section in
            the Summary of Significant Accounting Policies footnote on page 42 of this Form 10-K and the Leasing Arrangements footnote on page 50 of this
            Form 10-K for additional information.

             •    Long-lived assets impairment review
            Long-lived assets (including goodwill) are reviewed for impairment annually. If qualitative indicators of impairment are present, such as changes in
            global and local business and economic conditions, operating costs, inflation, competition, and consumer and demographic trends, the Company
            will use these and other factors in estimating future cash flows when testing for the recoverability of its long-lived assets. Estimates of future cash
            flows are highly subjective judgements based on the Company’s experience and knowledge of its operations. A key assumption impacting
            estimated future cash flows is the estimated change in comparable sales. If the Company’s estimates or underlying assumptions change in the
            future, it may be required to record impairment charges. Refer to the Long-lived Assets and Goodwill sections in the Summary of Significant
            Accounting Policies footnote on page 43 of this Form 10-K for additional information.

             •     Litigation accruals
            In the ordinary course of business, the Company is subject to proceedings, lawsuits and other claims primarily related to competitors, customers,
            employees, franchisees, government agencies, intellectual property, shareholders and suppliers. The Company is required to assess the
            likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to these matters as well as potential ranges of probable losses. Refer to the Contingencies
            footnote on page 51 of this Form 10-K for additional information.

            •    Income taxes
            The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce its deferred tax assets if it is considered more likely than not that some portion or all of the
            deferred tax assets will not be realized.
                The Company operates within, and is subject to audit in, multiple taxing jurisdictions. The Company records accruals for the estimated
            outcomes of these audits, and the accruals may change in the future due to new developments in each matter.
                Refer to the Income Taxes section in the Summary of Significant Accounting Policies footnote on page 44 of this Form 10-K and the Income
            Taxes footnote on page 52 of this Form 10-K for additional information.


            EFFECTS OF CHANGING PRICES — INFLATION
            Broader inflationary pressures in the economy are expected to continue to impact the restaurant industry through supply chain, labor and energy
            cost challenges. The Company has demonstrated an ability to manage these inflationary cost increases effectively through its rapid inventory
            turnover, ability to adjust menu prices, cost controls and substantial property holdings, many of which are at fixed costs.




                                                                                                                        McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 24



35 sur 84                                                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




36 sur 84                                                      4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            Other Key Information

            STOCK PERFORMANCE GRAPH
            At least annually, McDonald's considers which companies comprise a readily identifiable investment peer group. The Company is included in
            published restaurant indices; however, unlike most other companies included in these indices, which have no or limited international operations,
            McDonald's does business in more than 100 countries and a substantial portion of its revenues and income is generated outside the U.S. In
            addition, because of its size, McDonald's inclusion in those indices tends to skew the results. Therefore, the Company believes that such a
            comparison is not meaningful.
                The Company's market capitalization, trading volume and importance in an industry that is vital to the U.S. economy have resulted in
            McDonald's inclusion in the Dow Jones Industrial Average ("DJIA") since 1985. Like McDonald's, many DJIA companies generate meaningful
            revenues and income outside the U.S. and some manage global brands. Thus, the Company believes that the use of the DJIA companies as the
            group for comparison purposes is appropriate.
                 The following performance graph shows McDonald's cumulative total shareholder returns (i.e., price appreciation and reinvestment of
            dividends) relative to the Standard & Poor's 500 Stock Index ("S&P 500 Index") and to the DJIA companies for the five-year period ended
            December 31, 2022. The graph assumes that the value of an investment in McDonald's common stock, the S&P 500 Index and the DJIA
            companies (including McDonald's) was $100 at December 31, 2017. For the DJIA companies, returns are weighted for market capitalization as of
            the beginning of each period indicated. These returns may vary from those of the DJIA Index, which is not weighted by market capitalization and
            may be composed of different companies during the period under consideration.




            Company/Index                      12/31/2017         12/31/2018         12/31/2019         12/31/2020          12/31/2021          12/31/2022
            McDonald's Corporation                $100               $106               $121               $134                $171                $172
            S&P 500 Index                         $100               $96                $126               $149                $192                $157
            Dow Jones Industrials                 $100               $97                $121               $133                $161                $150

            Source: S&P Capital IQ



                                                                                                                     McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 25




37 sur 84                                                                                                                                            4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF
            EQUITY SECURITIES
            MARKET INFORMATION AND DIVIDEND POLICY
            The Company’s common stock trades under the symbol MCD and is listed on the New York Stock Exchange in the U.S.
                The number of shareholders of record and beneficial owners of the Company’s common stock as of January 31, 2023 was estimated to be
            4,300,000.
                 Given the Company’s returns on its capital investments and significant cash provided by operations, management believes it is prudent to
            reinvest in the business to drive profitable growth and use excess cash flow to return cash to shareholders over time through dividends and share
            repurchases. The Company has paid dividends on common stock for 47 consecutive years through 2022 and has increased the dividend amount
            at least once every year. As in the past, future dividend amounts will be considered after reviewing profitability expectations and financing needs,
            and will be declared at the discretion of the Company’s Board of Directors.
            ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
            The following table presents information related to repurchases of common stock the Company made during the quarter ended December 31,
            2022*:

                                                                                                                                              Total Number of               Approximate Dollar
                                                                                                                                         Shares Purchased as                   Value of Shares
                                                                                                                                               Part of Publicly                   that May Yet
                                                                                        Total Number of             Average Price         Announced Plans or              Be Purchased Under
            Period                                                                    Shares Purchased             Paid per Share                 Programs(1)          the Plans or Programs(1)
            October 1-31, 2022                                                               1,685,076                    241.61                    1,685,076            $    9,386,452,589
            November 1-30, 2022                                                                  6,873                    270.40                        6,873                 9,384,594,115
            December 1-31, 2022                                                                    747                    250.52                          747                 9,384,406,977
             Total                                                                           1,692,696                    241.74                    1,692,696

            *     Subject to applicable law, the Company may repurchase shares directly in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, or pursuant to derivative instruments and plans
                   complying with Rule 10b5-1, among other types of transactions and arrangements.
            (1)     On December 31, 2019, the Company's Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program, effective January 1, 2020, that authorized the purchase of
                    up to $15 billion of the Company's outstanding common stock.




                                                                                                                                               McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 26




38 sur 84                                                                                                                                                                            4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            RISK FACTORS

                   Our business results are subject to a variety of risks, including those that are described below and elsewhere in our filings with the
            Securities and Exchange Commission. The risks described below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks not currently known to us or that
            we currently deem to be immaterial may also significantly adversely affect our business. If any of these risks were to materialize or intensify, our
            expectations (or the underlying assumptions) may change and our performance may be adversely affected.

            STRATEGY AND BRAND
            If we do not successfully evolve and execute against our business strategies, we may not be able to drive business growth.
                   To drive Systemwide sales, operating income and free cash flow growth, our business strategies must be effective in maintaining and
            strengthening customer appeal and capturing additional market share. Whether these strategies are successful depends mainly on our System’s
            continued ability to:
                       •    capitalize on our global scale, iconic brand and local market presence to build upon our historic strengths and competitive
                            advantages, including by maximizing our marketing, committing to our core menu items, and doubling down on digital, delivery,
                            drive thru and restaurant development;
                       •    innovate and differentiate the McDonald’s experience, including by preparing and serving our food in a way that balances value
                            and convenience to our customers with profitability;
                       •    build upon our investments to transform and enhance the customer experience;
                       •    run great restaurants by driving efficiencies and expanding capacities while continuing to prioritize health and safety;
                       •    accelerate our existing strategies, including through growth opportunities ; and
                       •    evolve and adjust our strategies in response to, among other things, changing consumer behavior, and other events impacting our
                            results of operations and liquidity.
                  If we are delayed or unsuccessful in evolving or executing against our strategies, or if our strategies do not yield the desired results, our
            business, financial condition and results of operations may suffer.
            Failure to preserve the value and relevance of our brand could have an adverse impact on our financial results.
                    To continue to be successful in the future, we believe we must preserve, enhance and leverage the value and relevance of our brand,
            including our corporate purpose, mission and values. Brand value is based in part on consumer perceptions, which are affected by a variety of
            factors, including the nutritional content and preparation of our food, the ingredients we use, the manner in which we source commodities and
            general business practices across the System, including the people practices at McDonald’s restaurants. Consumer acceptance of our offerings is
            subject to change for a variety of reasons, and some changes can occur rapidly. For example, nutritional, health, environmental and other
            scientific studies and conclusions, which continuously evolve and may have contradictory implications, drive popular opinion, litigation and
            regulation (including initiatives intended to drive consumer behavior) in ways that affect the “informal eating out” (“IEO”) segment or perceptions of
            our brand, generally or relative to available alternatives. Our business could also be impacted by business incidents or practices, whether actual or
            perceived, particularly if they receive considerable publicity or result in litigation, as well as by our position or perceived lack of position on
            environmental, social responsibility, public policy, geopolitical and similar matters. Consumer perceptions may also be affected by adverse
            commentary from third parties, including through social media or conventional media outlets, regarding the quick-service category of the IEO
            segment or our brand, culture, operations, suppliers or franchisees. If we are unsuccessful in addressing adverse commentary or perceptions,
            whether or not accurate, our brand and financial results may suffer.
            If we do not anticipate and address industry trends and evolving consumer preferences and effectively execute our pricing, promotional
            and marketing plans, our business could suffer.
                    Our continued success depends on our System’s ability to build upon our historic strengths and competitive advantages. In order to do so,
            we need to anticipate and respond effectively to continuously shifting consumer demographics and industry trends in food sourcing, food
            preparation, food offerings, and consumer behavior and preferences, including with respect to the use of digital channels and environmental and
            social responsibility matters. If we are not able to predict, or quickly and effectively respond to, these changes, or if our competitors are able to do
            so more effectively, our financial results could be adversely impacted.
                    Our ability to build upon our strengths and advantages also depends on the impact of pricing, promotional and marketing plans across the
            System, and the ability to adjust these plans to respond quickly and effectively to evolving customer behavior and preferences, as well as shifting
            economic and competitive conditions. Existing or future pricing strategies and marketing plans, as well as the value proposition they represent, are
            expected to continue to be important components of our business strategy. However, they may not be successful, or may not be as successful as
            the efforts of our competitors, which could negatively impact sales, guest counts and market share.
                   Additionally, we operate in a complex and costly advertising environment. Our marketing and advertising programs may not be successful
            in reaching consumers in the way we intend. Our success depends in part on whether the allocation of our advertising and marketing resources
            across different channels, including digital, allows us to reach consumers effectively, efficiently and in ways that are meaningful to them. If our
            advertising and marketing programs are not successful, or are not as successful as those of our competitors, our sales, guest counts and market
            share could decrease.



                                                                                                                         McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 27




39 sur 84                                                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            Our investments to enhance the customer experience, including through technology, may not generate the expected results.
                   Our long-term business objectives depend on the successful Systemwide execution of our strategies. We continue to build upon our
            investments in restaurant development, technology, digital engagement and delivery in order to transform and enhance the customer experience.
            As part of these investments, we are continuing to place emphasis on improving our service model and strengthening relationships with
            customers, in part through digital channels and loyalty initiatives, mobile ordering and payment systems, and enhancing our drive thru
            technologies, which efforts may not generate expected results. We also continue to expand and refine our delivery initiatives, including through
            integrating delivery and mobile ordering. Utilizing a third-party delivery service may not have the same level of profitability as a non-delivery
            transaction, and may introduce additional food quality, food safety and customer satisfaction risks. If these customer experience initiatives are not
            successfully executed, or if we do not fully realize the intended benefits of these significant investments, our business results may suffer.
            We face intense competition in our markets, which could hurt our business.
                   We compete primarily in the IEO segment, which is highly competitive. We also face sustained, intense competition from traditional, fast
            casual and other competitors, which may include many non-traditional market participants such as convenience stores, grocery stores, coffee
            shops and online retailers. We expect our environment to continue to be highly competitive, and our results in any particular reporting period may
            be impacted by a contracting IEO segment or by new or continuing actions, product offerings or consolidation of our competitors and third-party
            partners, which may have a short- or long-term impact on our results.
                    We compete primarily on the basis of product choice, quality, affordability, service and location. In particular, we believe our ability to
            compete successfully in the current market environment depends on our ability to improve existing products, successfully develop and introduce
            new products, price our products appropriately, deliver a relevant customer experience, manage the complexity of our restaurant operations,
            manage our investments in technology, restaurant modernization, digital engagement and delivery, and respond effectively to our competitors’
            actions or offerings or to unforeseen disruptive actions. There can be no assurance these strategies will be effective, and some strategies may be
            effective at improving some metrics while adversely affecting others, which could have the overall effect of harming our business.
            We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property or adequately ensure that we are not infringing the intellectual
            property of others, which could harm the value of the McDonald’s brand and our business.
                    Our success depends on our continued ability to use our existing trademarks and service marks in order to increase brand awareness and
            further develop our branded products in both domestic and international markets. We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, service
            marks, trade secrets, patents and other intellectual property rights to protect our brand and branded products.
                    We have registered certain trademarks and have other trademark registrations pending in the U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions. The
            trademarks that we currently use have not been, and may never be, registered in all of the countries outside of the U.S. in which we do business
            or may do business in the future. It may be costly and time consuming to protect our intellectual property, and the steps we have taken to do so in
            the U.S. and foreign countries may not be adequate. In addition, the steps we have taken may not adequately ensure that we do not infringe the
            intellectual property of others, and third parties may claim infringement by us in the future. In particular, we may be involved in intellectual property
            claims, including often aggressive or opportunistic attempts to enforce patents used in information technology systems, which might affect our
            operations and results. Any claim of infringement, whether or not it has merit, could be time consuming, result in costly litigation and harm our
            business.
                  In addition, we cannot ensure that franchisees and other third parties who hold licenses to our intellectual property will not take actions that
            adversely affect the value of our intellectual property.
            OPERATIONS
            The global scope of our business subjects us to risks that could negatively affect our business.
                  We encounter differing cultural, regulatory, geopolitical and economic environments within and among the more than 100 countries where
            McDonald’s restaurants operate, and our ability to achieve our business objectives depends on the System’s success in these environments.
            Meeting customer expectations is complicated by the risks inherent in our global operating environment, and our global success is partially
            dependent on our System’s ability to leverage operating successes across markets and brand perceptions. Planned initiatives may not have
            appeal across multiple markets with McDonald’s customers and could drive unanticipated changes in customer perceptions and market share.
                   Disruptions in operations or price volatility in a market can also result from governmental actions, such as price, foreign exchange or trade-
            related tariffs or controls, trade policies and regulations, sanctions and counter sanctions, government-mandated closure of our, our franchisees’
            or our suppliers’ operations, and asset seizures. Such disruptions or volatility can also result from acts of war, terrorism or other hostilities. For
            example, the war between Russia and Ukraine has resulted in volatile and unpredictable conditions throughout the region, exacerbated volatile
            macroeconomic conditions and increased pressure on our supply chain and the availability and costs of commodities, including energy, which we
            expect to continue to impact our financial results. The broader impacts of the war and related sanctions, including on macroeconomic conditions,
            geopolitical tensions, consumer demand and the ability of us and our franchisees to operate in certain geographic areas, may also continue to
            have an adverse impact on our business and financial results.
                   While we may face challenges and uncertainties in any of the markets in which we operate, such challenges and uncertainties are often
            heightened in developing markets, which may entail a relatively higher risk of political instability, economic volatility, crime, corruption and social
            and ethnic unrest. In many cases, such challenges may be exacerbated by the lack of an independent and experienced judiciary and uncertainty
            in how local law is applied and enforced, including in areas most relevant to commercial transactions and foreign investment. An inability to
            manage effectively the risks associated with our international operations could adversely affect our business and financial results.




                                                                                                                          McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 28




40 sur 84                                                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            Supply chain interruptions may increase costs or reduce revenues.
                    We depend on the effectiveness of our supply chain management to assure a reliable and sufficient supply of quality products on favorable
            terms. Although many of the products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of suppliers in countries around the world, certain products have
            limited suppliers, which may increase our reliance on those suppliers. Supply chain interruptions and related price increases have in the past and
            may in the future adversely affect us as well as our suppliers and franchisees, whose performance may have a significant impact on our results.
            Such interruptions and price increases could be caused by shortages, inflationary pressures, unexpected increases in demand, transportation-
            related issues, labor-related issues, technology-related issues, weather-related events, natural disasters, acts of war, terrorism or other hostilities,
            or other factors beyond the control of us or our suppliers or franchisees. Interruptions in our System’s supply chain or ineffective contingency
            planning can increase our costs and/or limit the availability of products critical to our System’s operations.
            Our franchise business model presents a number of risks.
                    Our success as a heavily franchised business relies to a large degree on the financial success and cooperation of our franchisees,
            including our developmental licensees and affiliates. Our restaurant margins arise from two sources: fees from franchised restaurants (e.g., rent
            and royalties based on a percentage of sales) and, to a lesser degree, sales from Company-operated restaurants. Our franchisees and
            developmental licensees manage their businesses independently and therefore are responsible for the day-to-day operation of their restaurants.
            The revenues we realize from franchised restaurants are largely dependent on the ability of our franchisees to grow their sales. Business risks
            affecting our operations also affect our franchisees. If franchisee sales trends worsen, or any of such risks materialize or intensify, our financial
            results could be negatively affected, which may be material.
                   Our success also relies on the willingness and ability of our independent franchisees and affiliates to implement major initiatives, which may
            include financial investment, and to remain aligned with us on operating, value/promotional and capital-intensive reinvestment plans. The ability of
            franchisees to contribute to the achievement of our plans is dependent in large part on the availability to them of funding at reasonable interest
            rates and may be negatively impacted by the financial markets in general, by their or our creditworthiness or by banks’ lending practices. If our
            franchisees are unwilling or unable to invest in major initiatives or are unable to obtain financing at commercially reasonable rates, or at all, our
            future growth and results of operations could be adversely affected.
                   Our operating performance could also be negatively affected if our franchisees experience food safety or other operational problems or
            project an image inconsistent with our brand and values, particularly if our contractual and other rights and remedies are limited, costly to exercise
            or subjected to litigation and potential delays. If franchisees do not successfully operate restaurants in a manner consistent with our required
            standards, our brand’s image and reputation could be harmed, which in turn could hurt our business and operating results.
                   Our ownership mix also affects our results and financial condition. The decision to own restaurants or to operate under franchise or license
            agreements is driven by many factors whose interrelationship is complex. The benefits of our more heavily franchised structure depend on various
            factors, including whether we have effectively selected franchisees, licensees and/or affiliates that meet our rigorous standards, whether we are
            able to successfully integrate them into our structure and whether their performance and the resulting ownership mix supports our brand and
            financial objectives.
            Challenges with respect to labor, including availability and cost, could impact our business and results of operations.
                   Our success depends in part on our System’s ability to effectively attract, recruit, develop, motivate and retain qualified individuals to work
            in McDonald’s restaurants and to maintain appropriately-staffed restaurants in an intensely competitive labor market. We and our franchisees have
            experienced and may continue to experience challenges in adequately staffing certain McDonald’s restaurants, which can negatively impact
            operations, including speed of service to customers, and customer satisfaction levels. The System’s ability to meet its labor needs is generally
            subject to external factors, including the availability of sufficient workforce, unemployment levels and prevailing wages in the markets in which we
            operate.
                    Further, our System has experienced increased costs and competition associated with attracting, recruiting, developing, motivating and
            retaining qualified employees, as well as with promoting awareness of the opportunities of working at McDonald’s restaurants. We and our
            franchisees also continue to be impacted by increasingly complex U.S. and international laws and regulations affecting our respective workforces.
            These laws and regulations are increasingly focused on, and in certain cases impose requirements with respect to, employment matters such as
            wages and hours, healthcare, immigration, retirement and other employee benefits and workplace practices. Such laws and regulations can
            expose us and our franchisees to increased costs and other effects of compliance, including potential liability, and all such labor and compliance
            costs could have a negative impact on our Company-operated margins and franchisee profitability.
                    Our potential exposure to reputational and other harm regarding our workplace practices or conditions or those of our independent
            franchisees or suppliers, including those giving rise to claims of harassment or discrimination (or perceptions thereof) or workplace safety, could
            have a negative impact on consumer perceptions of us and our business. Additionally, economic action, such as boycotts, protests, work
            stoppages or campaigns by labor organizations, could adversely affect us (including our ability to attract, recruit, develop, motivate and retain
            talent) or our franchisees and suppliers, whose performance may have a significant impact on our results.
            Effective succession planning is important to our continued success.
                   Effective succession planning for management is important to our long-term success. Failure to effectively attract, recruit, develop, motivate
            and retain qualified key personnel, or to execute smooth personnel transitions, could disrupt our business and adversely affect our results.
            Food safety concerns may have an adverse effect on our business.
                   Our ability to increase sales and profits depends on our System’s ability to meet expectations for safe food and on our ability to manage the
            potential impact on McDonald’s of food-borne illnesses and food or product safety issues that may arise in the future, including in the supply chain,
            restaurants or delivery. Food safety is a top priority, and we dedicate substantial resources aimed at ensuring that our customers enjoy safe food
            products, including as our menu and service model evolve. However, food safety events, including instances of food-borne illness, occur within the
            food industry and our System from time to time and could occur in the future. Instances of food



                                                                                                                         McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 29




41 sur 84                                                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                                 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            tampering, food contamination or food-borne illness, whether actual or perceived, could adversely affect our brand, reputation and financial
            results.
            If we do not effectively manage our real estate portfolio, our operating results may be negatively impacted.
                   We have significant real estate operations, primarily in connection with our restaurant business. We generally own or secure a long-term
            lease on the land and building for conventional franchised and Company-operated restaurant sites. We seek to identify and develop restaurant
            locations that offer convenience to customers and long-term sales and profit potential. As we generally secure long-term real estate interests for
            our restaurants, we have limited flexibility to quickly alter our real estate portfolio. The competitive business landscape continues to evolve in light
            of changing business trends, consumer preferences, trade area demographics, consumer use of digital, delivery and drive thru, local competitive
            positions and other economic factors. If our restaurants are not located in desirable locations, or if we do not evolve in response to these factors, it
            could adversely affect Systemwide sales and profitability.
                   Our real estate values and the costs associated with our real estate operations are also impacted by a variety of other factors, including
            governmental regulations, insurance, zoning, tax and eminent domain laws, interest rate levels, the cost of financing, natural disasters, acts of
            war, terrorism or other hostilities, or other factors beyond our control. A significant change in real estate values, or an increase in costs as a result
            of any of these factors, could adversely affect our operating results.
            Information technology system failures or interruptions, or breaches of network security, may impact our operations or cause
            reputational harm.
                    We are increasingly reliant upon technology systems, such as point-of-sale, that support our business operations, including our digital and
            delivery solutions, and technologies that facilitate communication and collaboration with affiliated entities, customers, employees, franchisees,
            suppliers, service providers or other independent third parties to conduct our business, whether developed and maintained by us or provided by
            third parties. Any failure or interruption of these systems could significantly impact our or our franchisees’ operations, or our customers’
            experiences and perceptions.
                    Security incidents or breaches have from time to time occurred and may in the future occur involving our systems, the systems of the
            parties with whom we communicate or collaborate (including franchisees) or the systems of third-party providers. These may include such things
            as unauthorized access, phishing attacks, account takeovers, denial of service, computer viruses, introduction of malware or ransomware and
            other disruptive problems caused by hackers. Certain of these technology systems contain personal, financial and other information of our
            customers, employees, franchisees and their employees, suppliers and other third parties, as well as financial, proprietary and other confidential
            information related to our business. Despite response procedures and measures in place in the event of an incident, a security breach could result
            in disruptions, shutdowns, or the theft or unauthorized disclosure of such information. The actual or alleged occurrence of any of these incidents
            could result in mitigation costs, reputational damage, adverse publicity, loss of consumer confidence, reduced sales and profits, complications in
            executing our growth initiatives and regulatory and legal risk, including criminal penalties or civil liabilities.
                    Despite the implementation of business continuity measures, any of these technology systems could become vulnerable to damage,
            disability or failures due to fire, power loss, telecommunications failure or other catastrophic events. Certain technology systems may also become
            vulnerable, unreliable or inefficient in cases where technology vendors limit or terminate product support and maintenance. Our increasing
            reliance on third-party systems also subjects us to risks faced by those third-party businesses, including operational, security and credit risks. If
            technology systems were to fail or otherwise be unavailable, or if business continuity or disaster recovery plans were not effective, and we were
            unable to recover in a timely manner, we could experience an interruption in our or our franchisees’ operations.
            LEGAL AND REGULATORY
            Increasing regulatory and legal complexity may adversely affect our business and financial results.
                     Our regulatory and legal environment worldwide exposes us to complex compliance, litigation and similar risks that could affect our
            operations and results in material ways. Many of our markets are subject to increasing, conflicting and highly prescriptive regulations involving,
            among other matters, restaurant operations, product packaging, marketing, the nutritional and allergen content and safety of our food and other
            products, labeling and other disclosure practices. Compliance efforts with those regulations may be affected by ordinary variations in food
            preparation among our own restaurants and the need to rely on the accuracy and completeness of information from third-party suppliers. We also
            are subject to increasing public focus, including by governmental and non-governmental organizations, on environmental, social responsibility and
            corporate governance (“ESG”) matters. Our success depends in part on our ability to manage the impact of regulations and other initiatives that
            can affect our business plans and operations, which have increased and may continue to increase our costs of doing business and exposure to
            litigation, governmental investigations or other proceedings.
                   We are also subject to legal proceedings that may adversely affect our business, including, but not limited to, class actions, administrative
            proceedings, government investigations and proceedings, shareholder proceedings, employment and personal injury claims, landlord/tenant
            disputes, supplier-related disputes, and claims by current or former franchisees. Regardless of whether claims against us are valid or whether we
            are found to be liable, claims may be expensive to defend and may divert management’s attention away from operations.
                   Litigation and regulatory action concerning our relationship with franchisees and the legal distinction between our franchisees and us for
            employment law or other purposes, if determined adversely, could increase costs, negatively impact our business operations and the business
            prospects of our franchisees and subject us to incremental liability for their actions. Similarly, although our commercial relationships with our
            suppliers remain independent, there may be attempts to challenge that independence, which, if determined adversely, could also increase costs,
            negatively impact the business prospects of our suppliers, and subject us to incremental liability for their actions.
                   Our results could also be affected by the following:
                       •    the relative level of our defense costs, which vary from period to period depending on the number, nature and procedural status of
                            pending proceedings;



                                                                                                                          McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 30




42 sur 84                                                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




                       •    the cost and other effects of settlements, judgments or consent decrees, which may require us to make disclosures or take other
                            actions that may affect perceptions of our brand and products; and
                       •    adverse results of pending or future litigation, including litigation challenging the composition and preparation of our products, or
                            the appropriateness or accuracy of our marketing or other communication practices.
                   A judgment significantly in excess of any applicable insurance coverage or third-party indemnity could materially adversely affect our
            financial condition or results of operations. Further, adverse publicity resulting from claims may hurt our business. If we are unable to effectively
            manage the risks associated with our complex regulatory and legal environment, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and
            financial condition.
            Changes in tax laws and unanticipated tax liabilities could adversely affect the taxes we pay and our profitability.
                    We are subject to income and other taxes in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions, and our operations, plans and results are affected by tax and
            other initiatives around the world. In particular, we are affected by the impact of changes to tax laws or policy or related authoritative
            interpretations. We are also impacted by settlements of pending or any future adjustments proposed by taxing and governmental authorities inside
            and outside of the U.S. in connection with our tax audits, all of which will depend on their timing, nature and scope. Any significant increases in
            income tax rates, changes in income tax laws or unfavorable resolution of tax matters could have a material adverse impact on our financial
            results.
            Changes in accounting standards or the recognition of impairment or other charges may adversely affect our future operations and
            results.
                     New accounting standards or changes in financial reporting requirements, accounting principles or practices, including with respect to our
            critical accounting estimates, could adversely affect our future results. We may also be affected by the nature and timing of decisions about
            underperforming markets or assets, including decisions that result in impairment or other charges that reduce our earnings.
                   In assessing the recoverability of our long-lived assets, we consider changes in economic conditions and make assumptions regarding
            estimated future cash flows and other factors. These estimates are highly subjective and can be significantly impacted by many factors such as
            global and local business and economic conditions, operating costs, inflation, interest rate levels, competition, consumer and demographic trends
            and our restructuring activities. If our estimates or underlying assumptions change in the future, we may be required to record impairment charges.
            Any such changes could have a significant adverse effect on our reported results for the affected periods.
            If we fail to comply with privacy and data protection laws, we could be subject to legal proceedings and penalties, which could
            negatively affect our financial results or brand perceptions.
                    We are subject to legal and compliance risks and associated liability related to privacy and data protection requirements, including those
            associated with our technology-related services and platforms made available to business partners, customers, employees, franchisees or other
            third parties. An increasing number of jurisdictions have enacted new privacy and data protection requirements (including the European Union’s
            General Data Protection Regulation and various U.S. state-level laws), and further requirements are likely to be proposed or enacted in the future.
            Failure to comply with these privacy and data protection laws could result in legal proceedings and substantial penalties and materially adversely
            impact our financial results or brand perceptions.
            MACROECONOMIC AND MARKET CONDITIONS
            Unfavorable general economic conditions could adversely affect our business and financial results.
                    Our results of operations are substantially affected by economic conditions, including inflationary pressures, which can vary significantly by
            market and can impact consumer disposable income levels and spending habits. Economic conditions can also be impacted by a variety of
            factors, including hostilities, epidemics, pandemics and actions taken by governments to manage national and international economic matters,
            whether through austerity, stimulus measures or trade measures, and initiatives intended to control wages, unemployment, credit availability,
            inflation, taxation and other economic drivers. Sustained adverse economic conditions or periodic adverse changes in economic conditions put
            pressure on our operating performance and business continuity disruption planning, and our business and financial results may suffer as a result.
                  Our results of operations are also affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates, and unfavorable currency fluctuations could
            adversely affect reported earnings.
            Health epidemics or pandemics could adversely affect our business and financial results.
                    Health epidemics or pandemics – such as the global outbreak of COVID-19 in early 2020 – have in the past and may in the future impact
            macroeconomic conditions, consumer behavior, labor availability and supply chain management, as well as local operations in impacted markets,
            all of which can adversely affect our business, financial results and outlook. Governmental responses to health epidemics or pandemics, including
            operational restrictions, can also affect the foregoing items and adversely affect our business and financial results. The duration and scope of a
            health epidemic or pandemic can be difficult to predict and depends on many factors, including the emergence of new variants and the availability,
            acceptance and effectiveness of preventative measures. A health epidemic or pandemic may also heighten other risks disclosed in these Risk
            Factors, including, but not limited to, those related to the availability and costs of labor and commodities, supply chain interruptions, consumer
            behavior, and consumer perceptions of our brand and industry.
            Changes in commodity and other operating costs could adversely affect our results of operations.
                   The profitability of our Company-operated restaurants depends in part on our ability to anticipate and react to changes in commodity costs,
            including food, paper, supplies, fuel, utilities, distribution and other operating costs, including labor. Volatility in certain commodity prices and
            fluctuations in labor costs have adversely affected and in the future could adversely affect our operating results by impacting restaurant
            profitability. The commodity markets for some of the ingredients we use, such as beef, chicken and pork, are particularly volatile due to factors
            such as seasonal shifts, climate conditions, industry demand and other macroeconomic conditions, international commodity markets, food safety
            concerns, product recalls, government regulation, and acts of war, terrorism or other hostilities, all of which are beyond our control and, in many
            instances, unpredictable. Our System can only partially address future price risk through hedging and other activities, and therefore increases in
            commodity costs could have an adverse impact on our profitability.



                                                                                                                         McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 31




43 sur 84                                                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            A decrease in our credit ratings or an increase in our funding costs could adversely affect our profitability.
                   Our credit ratings may be negatively affected by our results of operations or changes in our debt levels. As a result, our interest expense,
            the availability of acceptable counterparties, our ability to obtain funding on favorable terms, our collateral requirements and our operating or
            financial flexibility could all be negatively affected, especially if lenders were to impose new operating or financial covenants.
                     Our operations may also be impacted by regulations affecting capital flows, financial markets or financial institutions, which can limit our
            ability to manage and deploy our liquidity or increase our funding costs. Any such events could have a material adverse effect on our business and
            financial condition.
            The trading volatility and price of our common stock may be adversely affected by many factors.
                  Many factors affect the trading volatility and price of our common stock in addition to our operating results and prospects. These factors,
            many of which are beyond our control, include the following:
                       •    the unpredictable nature of global economic and market conditions;
                       •    governmental action or inaction in light of key indicators of economic activity or events that can significantly influence financial
                            markets, particularly in the U.S., which is the principal trading market for our common stock, and media reports and commentary
                            about economic, trade or other matters, even when the matter in question does not directly relate to our business;
                       •    trading activity in our common stock, in derivative instruments with respect to our common stock or in our debt securities, which
                            can be affected by: market commentary (including commentary that may be unreliable or incomplete); unauthorized disclosures
                            about our performance, plans or expectations about our business; our actual performance and creditworthiness; investor
                            confidence, driven in part by expectations about our performance; actions by shareholders and others seeking to influence our
                            business strategies; portfolio transactions in our common stock by significant shareholders; and trading activity that results from
                            the ordinary course rebalancing of stock indices in which McDonald’s may be included, such as the S&P 500 Index and the Dow
                            Jones Industrial Average;
                       •    the impact of our stock repurchase program or dividend rate; and
                       •    the impact of corporate actions, including changes to our corporate structure, and market and third-party perceptions and
                            assessments of such actions, including those we may take from time to time as we implement our business strategies in light of
                            changing business, legal and tax considerations
            Our business is subject to an increasing focus on ESG matters.
                    In recent years, there has been an increasing focus by stakeholders – including employees, franchisees, customers, suppliers,
            governmental and non-governmental organizations and investors – on ESG matters. A failure, whether real or perceived, to address ESG matters
            or to achieve progress on our ESG initiatives on the anticipated timing or at all, could adversely affect our business, including by heightening other
            risks disclosed in these Risk Factors, such as those related to consumer behavior, consumer perceptions of our brand, labor availability and costs,
            supply chain interruptions, commodity costs, and legal and regulatory complexity. Conversely, our taking a position, whether real or perceived, on
            ESG, public policy, geopolitical and similar matters could also adversely impact our business.
                   The standards we set for ourselves regarding ESG matters, and our ability to meet such standards, may also impact our business. For
            example, we are working to manage risks and costs to our System related to climate change, greenhouse gases, and diminishing energy and
            water resources, and we have announced initiatives relating to, among other things, climate action, sustainability, responsible sourcing and
            increasing diverse representation across our System. We have faced increased scrutiny related to reporting on and achieving these initiatives, as
            well as continued public focus on similar matters, such as packaging and waste, animal health and welfare, deforestation and land use. We have
            also experienced increased pressure from stakeholders to provide expanded disclosure and establish additional commitments, targets or goals,
            and take actions to meet them, which could expose us to additional market, operational, execution and reputational costs and risks. Moreover,
            addressing ESG matters requires Systemwide coordination and alignment, and the standards by which certain ESG matters are measured are
            evolving and subject to assumptions that could change over time.
            Events such as severe weather conditions, natural disasters, hostilities, social unrest and climate change, among others, can adversely
            affect our results and prospects.
                   Severe weather conditions, natural disasters, acts of war, terrorism or other hostilities, social unrest or climate change (or expectations
            about them) can adversely affect consumer behavior and confidence levels, supply availability and costs and local operations in impacted
            markets, all of which can affect our results and prospects. Climate change may also increase the frequency and severity of weather-related events
            and natural disasters. Our receipt of proceeds under any insurance we maintain with respect to some of these risks may be delayed or the
            proceeds may be insufficient to cover our losses fully.




                                                                                                                       McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 32



44 sur 84                                                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




45 sur 84                                                      4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
            The Company has pending a number of claims and lawsuits that have been filed in various jurisdictions. These claims and lawsuits cover a broad
            variety of allegations spanning the Company’s business. The following is a brief description of the more significant types of such claims and
            lawsuits. In addition, the Company is subject to various laws and regulations that impact its business, as discussed under “Government
            Regulations” below. While the Company does not believe that any such claims, lawsuits, laws or regulations will have a material adverse effect on
            its financial condition or results of operations, unfavorable rulings could occur. Were an unfavorable ruling to occur, it could result in a material
            adverse impact on the Company’s net income for the period in which it occurs and/or future periods.

                •    Franchising
            Most McDonald’s restaurants are franchised to independent owner/operators and developmental licensees under contractual arrangements with
            the Company. In the course of the franchise relationship, occasional disputes arise between the Company and its current or former franchisees
            relating to a broad range of subjects, including, but not limited to, quality, service, cleanliness, menu pricing, alleged discrimination, delinquent
            payments of rents and fees, and franchise grants, renewals and terminations. Occasional disputes also arise between the Company and
            individuals or entities who claim they should be (or should have been) granted a franchise or who challenge the legal distinction between the
            Company and its franchisees for employment law purposes.
                •    Suppliers
            The Company and its affiliates and subsidiaries generally do not supply food, paper or related items to any McDonald’s restaurants. The Company
            relies upon numerous independent suppliers, including service providers, that are required to meet and maintain the Company’s high standards
            and specifications. Occasional disputes arise between the Company and its current or former suppliers relating to, for example, compliance with
            product specifications and the Company’s business relationship with suppliers. Occasional disputes also arise between the Company and
            individuals or entities who claim they should be (or should have been) granted the opportunity to supply products or services to the Company or its
            restaurants.
                •    Employees
            Hundreds of thousands of people are employed by the Company and in restaurants owned and operated by its subsidiaries. In addition,
            thousands of people from time to time seek employment in such restaurants. In the ordinary course of business, occasional disputes arise relating
            to hiring, termination, promotion and pay practices, including, but not limited to, wage and hour disputes, alleged discrimination and compliance
            with labor and employment laws.
                •    Customers
            McDonald’s restaurants – whether owned by subsidiaries of the Company, independent owner/operators or developmental licensees – regularly
            serve a broad segment of the public around the world. In so doing, disputes occasionally arise relating to products, service, incidents, pricing,
            advertising, disclosures (including relating to nutrition) and other matters common to an extensive restaurant business such as that of the
            Company.
                •    Intellectual Property
            The Company has registered trademarks, service marks, patents and copyrights, some of which it considers to be of material importance to its
            business. From time to time, the Company may become involved in litigation to protect its intellectual property and defend against the alleged use
            of third-party intellectual property.
                •    Government Regulations
            National and local governments have adopted laws and regulations relating to various aspects of the restaurant business, including, but not limited
            to, advertising, franchising, health, safety, environment, competition, zoning, employment and taxation. The Company is occasionally involved in
            litigation or other proceedings regarding these matters. While the Company strives to comply with all applicable existing statutory and
            administrative requirements, it cannot predict the effect on its operations of these matters or the issuance or enactment of any future additional
            requirements.



            PROPERTIES
            The Company owns and leases real estate primarily in connection with its restaurant business. The Company identifies and develops sites that
            offer convenience to customers and long-term sales and profit potential to the System. To assess potential, the Company analyzes traffic and
            walking patterns, census data and other relevant data. The Company’s experience and access to advanced technology aid in evaluating this
            information. The Company generally owns or secures a long-term lease on the land and building for conventional franchised and Company-
            operated restaurant sites, which facilitates long-term occupancy rights and helps control related costs. Restaurant profitability for both the
            Company and franchisees is important; therefore, ongoing efforts are made to control average development costs through construction and design
            efficiencies, standardization and by leveraging the Company’s global sourcing network.
                In addition, the Company primarily leases real estate in connection with its corporate headquarters, field and other offices.
                Additional information about the Company’s properties is included in the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
            Results of Operations section beginning on page 8 of this Form 10-K and in the Financial Statements and Supplementary Data section beginning
            on page 35 of this Form 10-K.




                                                                                                                        McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 33



46 sur 84                                                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




47 sur 84                                                      4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
            The following are the executive officers of the Company as of the date of this filing:
            Jonathan Banner, 55, is Executive Vice President – Global Chief Impact Officer, a position he has held since September 2022. Prior to joining the
            Company, Mr. Banner served as Executive Vice President, Communications for PepsiCo, Inc., a food and beverage company, from 2014 to
            August 2022.
            Ian Borden, 54, is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, a position he has held since September 2022. Prior to that, Mr. Borden
            served as President, International, from January 2020 to August 2022, as President – International Developmental Licensed Markets from January
            2019 to December 2019 and as President – Foundational Markets from 2015 to December 2018. Mr. Borden has served the Company for 28
            years.
            Heidi Capozzi, 53, is Executive Vice President – Global Chief People Officer, a position she has held since April 2020. Prior to joining the
            Company, Ms. Capozzi served as Senior Vice President of Human Resources for The Boeing Company, a manufacturer of commercial jetliners
            and defense, space and security systems, from 2016 to April 2020.
            Joseph Erlinger, 49, is President, McDonald's USA, a position he has held since November 2019. Prior to that, Mr. Erlinger served as President –
            International Operated Markets from January 2019 to October 2019 and as President – High Growth Markets from September 2016 to December
            2018. From 2015 to January 2017, Mr. Erlinger served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer – High Growth Markets (serving in dual roles
            from September 2016 to January 2017). Mr. Erlinger has served the Company for 20 years.
            Morgan Flatley, 48, is Executive Vice President - Global Chief Marketing Officer and New Business Ventures, a position she has held since
            February 2023. Prior to that, Ms. Flatley served as Senior Vice President - Global Chief Marketing Officer from November 2021 to January 2023
            and as Vice President - Chief Marketing and Digital Customer Experience Officer from 2017 to November 2021. Prior to joining the Company, Ms.
            Flatley served as Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer, Nutrition for PepsiCo, Inc., a food and beverage company, from 2016 to 2017.
            Marion Gross, 62, is Executive Vice President – Global Chief Supply Chain Officer, a position she has held since September 2022. Prior to that,
            Ms. Gross served as Senior Vice President – Chief Supply Chain Officer, North America from 2013 to August 2022. Ms. Gross has served the
            Company for nearly 30 years.
            Catherine Hoovel, 52, is Senior Vice President – Corporate Controller, a position she has held since July 2021. Prior to that, Ms. Hoovel served
            as Vice President – Chief Accounting Officer from 2016 to July 2021 and as Controller for the McDonald's restaurants owned and operated by
            McDonald's USA from 2014 to 2016. Ms. Hoovel has served the Company for 26 years.
            Christopher Kempczinski, 54, is President and Chief Executive Officer, a position he has held since November 2019. Prior to that, Mr.
            Kempczinski served as President, McDonald’s USA from 2016 to October 2019 and as Executive Vice President – Strategy, Business
            Development and Innovation from 2015 to 2016. Mr. Kempczinski joined the Company from The Kraft Heinz Company, a packaged food company,
            where he most recently served as Executive Vice President of Growth Initiatives and President of Kraft International from 2014 to 2015. Mr.
            Kempczinski has served the Company for seven years.
            Jill McDonald, 58, is Executive Vice President and President, International Operated Markets, a position she has held since September 2022.
            Prior to re-joining the Company, Ms. McDonald served as Chief Executive Officer for Costa Coffee, a beverage company, from December 2019 to
            July 2022, as Managing Director, Clothing, Home & Beauty for Marks and Spencer Group plc, a multinational clothing and home products retailer,
            from 2017 to July 2019, and as Chief Executive Officer for Halfords Group plc, an automotive and cycling products and services provider, from
            2015 to 2017. Ms. McDonald previously worked at the Company from 2006 to 2015.
            Kevin Ozan, 59, is Senior Executive Vice President, Strategic Initiatives, a position he has held since September 2022. Prior to that, Mr. Ozan
            served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2015 to August 2022 and as Senior Vice President – Controller from 2008 to
            2015. Mr. Ozan has served the Company for 25 years.
            Desiree Ralls-Morrison, 56, is Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary, a position she has held since April 2021.
            Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Ralls-Morrison served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary for Boston Scientific
            Corporation, a medical device manufacturer, from 2017 to April 2021 and as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary for
            Boehringer Ingelheim USA Corporation, a pharmaceutical company, from 2013 to 2017.
            Brian Rice, 59, is Executive Vice President – Global Chief Information Officer, a position he has held since August 2022. Prior to joining the
            Company, Mr. Rice served as Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer and Global Business Services for Cardinal Health, Inc., a
            healthcare services company, from February 2019 to August 2022, and as Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer and Global Business
            Services for the Kellogg Company, a food manufacturing company, from 2009 to February 2019.
            Jo Sempels, 56, is Senior Vice President and President, International Developmental Licensed Markets, a position he has held since September
            2022. Prior to that, Mr. Sempels served as Senior Vice President - International Developmental Licensed Markets from December 2019 to August
            2022, as Vice President, Business Unit Lead International Developmental Licensed Markets Europe from January 2019 to December 2019 and as
            Vice President - Foundational Markets Europe from 2015 to December 2018. Mr. Sempels has served the Company for over 30 years.
            Manu Steijaert, 52, is Executive Vice President – Chief Customer Officer, a position he has held since August 2021. Prior to that, Mr. Steijaert
            served as Vice President, International Operated Markets from January 2019 to July 2021 and as Managing Director, Netherlands from 2015 to
            January 2019. Mr. Steijaert has served the Company for 20 years.



                                                                                                                     McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 34




48 sur 84                                                                                                                                            4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            AVAILABILITY OF COMPANY INFORMATION
            The Company is subject to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and therefore files
            periodic reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Such information may be obtained by visiting the SEC's website at
            www.sec.gov.
                The Company also uses its investor website at www.investor.mcdonalds.com as a primary channel for disclosing key information to its
            investors, some of which may contain material and previously non-public information. The Company makes available on such website, free of
            charge, copies of its Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, as well as amendments to
            those reports, filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after filing or furnishing
            such material to the SEC. Copies of such information and reports are also available free of charge by calling (800) 228-9623.
                 The Company also posts the following documents on the “Corporate Governance” section of its investor website: the Company’s Corporate
            Governance Principles; the charters for each standing committee of the Company's Board of Directors, including the Audit & Finance Committee,
            Compensation Committee, Governance Committee, Public Policy & Strategy Committee, and Sustainability & Corporate Responsibility
            Committee; the Code of Conduct for the Company’s Board of Directors; and the Company’s Standards of Business Conduct, which applies to all
            officers and employees. Copies of these documents are also available free of charge by calling (800) 228-9623. The Company intends to satisfy
            the disclosure requirements regarding any applicable amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of its Standards of Business Conduct by
            disclosing such information at the website address specified above.
                The websites included in this Form 10-K, including those of the Company and the SEC, are provided for convenience only. Information
            contained on or accessible through such websites is not incorporated herein and does not constitute a part of this Form 10-K or the Company's
            other filings with the SEC.




            Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
            Index to consolidated financial statements                                                                                          Page reference

            Consolidated statement of income for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022                                               36
            Consolidated statement of comprehensive income for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022                                 37
            Consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022 and 2021                                                                                         38
            Consolidated statement of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022                                           39
            Consolidated statement of shareholders’ equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022                                 40
            Notes to consolidated financial statements                                                                                                       41
            Management’s assessment of internal control over financial reporting                                                                             58
            Report of independent registered public accounting firm-PCAOB ID:         42                                                                     59
            Report of independent registered public accounting firm on internal control over financial reporting                                             61




                                                                                                                      McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 35




49 sur 84                                                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            Consolidated Statement of Income
            In millions, except per share data                                 Years ended December 31, 2022             2021                2020
            REVENUES
            Sales by Company-operated restaurants                                               $   8,748.4     $    9,787.4       $    8,139.2
            Revenues from franchised restaurants                                                   14,105.8         13,085.4           10,726.1
            Other revenues                                                                            328.4            350.1              342.5
                          Total revenues                                                           23,182.6         23,222.9           19,207.8
            OPERATING COSTS AND EXPENSES
            Company-operated restaurant expenses
                 Food & paper                                                                       2,737.3           3,096.8            2,564.2
                 Payroll & employee benefits                                                        2,617.4           2,677.2            2,416.4
                 Occupancy & other operating expenses                                               2,026.2           2,273.3            2,000.6
            Franchised restaurants-occupancy expenses                                               2,349.7           2,335.0            2,207.5
            Other restaurant expenses                                                                 244.8             260.4              267.0
            Selling, general & administrative expenses
                 Depreciation and amortization                                                        370.4            329.7               300.6
                 Other                                                                              2,492.2          2,377.8             2,245.0
            Other operating (income) expense, net                                                     973.6           (483.3)             (117.5)
                          Total operating costs and expenses                                       13,811.6         12,866.9            11,883.8
            Operating income                                                                        9,371.0         10,356.0             7,324.0
            Interest expense-net of capitalized interest of $9.5, $6.8 and $6.0                     1,207.0          1,185.8             1,218.1
            Nonoperating (income) expense, net                                                        338.6             42.3               (34.8)
            Income before provision for income taxes                                                7,825.4          9,127.9             6,140.7
            Provision for income taxes                                                              1,648.0          1,582.7             1,410.2
            Net income                                                                          $   6,177.4     $    7,545.2       $     4,730.5
            Earnings per common share–basic                                                     $       8.39    $      10.11       $        6.35
            Earnings per common share–diluted                                                   $       8.33    $      10.04       $        6.31
            Dividends declared per common share                                                 $       5.66    $       5.25       $        5.04
            Weighted-average shares outstanding–basic                                                 736.5            746.3               744.6
            Weighted-average shares outstanding–diluted                                               741.3            751.8               750.1

            See Notes to consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                        McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 36




50 sur 84                                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
                In millions                                                         Years ended December 31, 2022     2021      2020
                Net income                                                                          $    6,177.4 $ 7,545.2 $ 4,730.5
                Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
                     Foreign currency translation adjustments:
                            Gain (loss) recognized in accumulated other comprehensive
                               income (AOCI), including net investment hedges                             (354.1)   (216.2)     46.0
                            Reclassification of (gain) loss to net income                                  504.4      34.7      17.1
                               Foreign currency translation adjustments-net of tax
                                    benefit (expense) of $(207.6), $(186.5), and $204.8                    150.3    (181.5)     63.1
                     Cash flow hedges:
                            Gain (loss) recognized in AOCI                                                 160.3      57.6    (129.1)
                            Reclassification of (gain) loss to net income                                 (104.8)     28.9       5.8
                               Cash flow hedges-net of tax benefit (expense) of $(16.0), $(24.9),
                               and $36.6                                                                     55.5     86.5    (123.3)
                     Defined benefit pension plans:
                            Gain (loss) recognized in AOCI                                                (118.7)    108.1     (43.5)
                            Reclassification of (gain) loss to net income                                      —        —       (0.4)
                               Defined benefit pension plans-net of tax benefit (expense)
                                    of $43.2, $(36.6), and $9.3                                           (118.7)    108.1     (43.9)
                Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax                                     87.1           13.1        (104.1)
                Comprehensive income                                                           $     6,264.5    $ 7,558.3      $ 4,626.4

            See Notes to consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                     McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 37




51 sur 84                                                                                                                            4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            Consolidated Balance Sheet
            In millions, except per share data                                                        December 31, 2022                   2021
            ASSETS
            Current assets
            Cash and equivalents                                                                            $ 2,583.8            $    4,709.2
            Accounts and notes receivable                                                                       2,115.0               1,872.4
            Inventories, at cost, not in excess of market                                                          52.0                  55.6
            Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                                             673.4                 511.3
                          Total current assets                                                                  5,424.2               7,148.5
            Other assets
            Investments in and advances to affiliates                                                           1,064.5               1,201.2
            Goodwill                                                                                            2,900.4               2,782.5
            Miscellaneous                                                                                       4,707.2               4,449.5
                          Total other assets                                                                    8,672.1               8,433.2
            Lease right-of-use asset, net                                                                      12,565.7              13,552.0
            Property and equipment
            Property and equipment, at cost                                                                    41,037.6            41,916.6
            Accumulated depreciation and amortization                                                         (17,264.0)          (17,196.0)
                          Net property and equipment                                                           23,773.6            24,720.6
            Total assets                                                                                    $ 50,435.6           $ 53,854.3
            LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
            Current liabilities
            Accounts payable                                                                                $     980.2          $    1,006.8
            Lease liability                                                                                       661.1                 705.5
            Income taxes                                                                                          274.9                 360.7
            Other taxes                                                                                           255.1                 236.7
            Accrued interest                                                                                      393.4                 363.3
            Accrued payroll and other liabilities                                                               1,237.4               1,347.0
                          Total current liabilities                                                             3,802.1               4,020.0
            Long-term debt                                                                                     35,903.5              35,622.7
            Long-term lease liability                                                                          12,134.4              13,020.9
            Long-term income taxes                                                                                791.9               1,896.8
            Deferred revenues - initial franchise fees                                                            757.8                 738.3
            Other long-term liabilities                                                                         1,051.8               1,081.0
            Deferred income taxes                                                                               1,997.5               2,075.6
            Shareholders’ equity (deficit)
            Preferred stock, no par value; authorized – 165.0 million shares; issued – none                          —                   —
            Common stock, $0.01 par value; authorized – 3.5 billion shares; issued – 1,660.6 million shares        16.6                16.6
            Additional paid-in capital                                                                          8,547.1             8,231.6
            Retained earnings                                                                                  59,543.9            57,534.7
            Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)                                                      (2,486.6)           (2,573.7)
            Common stock in treasury, at cost; 929.3 and 915.8 million shares                                 (71,624.4)          (67,810.2)
                          Total shareholders’ equity (deficit)                                                 (6,003.4)           (4,601.0)
            Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity (deficit)                                            $ 50,435.6           $ 53,854.3

            See Notes to consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                        McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 38




52 sur 84                                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                       https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
            In millions                                                           Years ended December 31, 2022            2021             2020
            Operating activities
            Net income                                                                               $ 6,177.4     $   7,545.2     $    4,730.5
            Adjustments to reconcile to cash provided by operations
                Charges and credits:
                     Depreciation and amortization                                                      1,870.6        1,868.1          1,751.4
                     Deferred income taxes                                                               (345.7)        (428.3)             6.4
                     Share-based compensation                                                             166.7          139.2             92.4
                     Net (gain) loss on sale of restaurant and other businesses                           732.7          (97.8)           (28.2)
                     Other                                                                               (570.4)        (339.1)           (75.2)
                Changes in working capital items:
                     Accounts receivable                                                                 (264.1)         309.9             (6.8)
                     Inventories, prepaid expenses and other current assets                                 5.6          (62.2)           (68.6)
                     Accounts payable                                                                      31.3          225.0           (137.5)
                     Income taxes                                                                        (546.7)        (302.5)           (43.6)
                     Other accrued liabilities                                                            129.3          284.0             44.4
                         Cash provided by operations                                                    7,386.7        9,141.5          6,265.2
            Investing activities
            Capital expenditures                                                                       (1,899.2)       (2,040.0)       (1,640.8)
            Purchases of restaurant businesses                                                           (807.0)         (374.2)          (66.1)
            Sales of restaurant and other businesses                                                      445.9           196.2            76.3
            Sales of property                                                                              38.9           106.2            27.4
            Other                                                                                        (456.7)          (53.9)           57.4
                         Cash used for investing activities                                            (2,678.1)       (2,165.7)       (1,545.8)
            Financing activities
            Net short-term borrowings                                                                     25.5       15.1    (893.1)
            Long-term financing issuances                                                              3,374.5    1,154.4   5,543.0
            Long-term financing repayments                                                            (2,202.4)  (2,240.0) (2,411.7)
            Treasury stock purchases                                                                  (3,896.0)    (845.5)   (907.8)
            Common stock dividends                                                                    (4,168.2)  (3,918.6) (3,752.9)
            Proceeds from stock option exercises                                                         248.2      285.7     295.5
            Other                                                                                         38.2      (46.7)   (122.0)
                         Cash used for financing activities                                           (6,580.2)  (5,595.6) (2,249.0)
                         Effect of exchange rates on cash and equivalents                               (253.8)    (120.1)     80.2
            Cash and equivalents increase (decrease)                                                  (2,125.4)   1,260.1   2,550.6
            Cash and equivalents at beginning of year                                                  4,709.2    3,449.1     898.5
            Cash and equivalents at end of year                                                      $ 2,583.8 $ 4,709.2 $ 3,449.1
            Supplemental cash flow disclosures
            Interest paid                                                                            $ 1,183.5     $   1,197.3     $    1,136.0
            Income taxes paid                                                                          3,023.5         2,403.9          1,441.9

            See Notes to consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                          McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 39




53 sur 84                                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                                       https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            Consolidated Statement of Shareholders’ Equity
                                                                                                               Accumulated other
                                                                                                       comprehensive income (loss)
                                                    Common stock       Additional                                               Foreign        Common stock in               Total
                                                          issued         paid-in     Retained              Cash flow           currency              treasury       shareholders’
            In millions, except per share data    Shares Amount           capital     earnings    Pensions   hedges         translation    Shares     Amount        equity (deficit)
            Balance at December 31, 2019         1,660.6    16.6        7,653.9      52,930.5      (243.7)     12.0           (2,251.0)    (914.3) (66,328.6)            (8,210.3)
            Net income                                                                4,730.5                                                                             4,730.5
            Other comprehensive income
            (loss),
               net of tax                                                                            (43.9)       (123.3)         63.1                                     (104.1)
               Comprehensive income                                                                                                                                       4,626.4
            Common stock cash dividends
               ($5.04 per share)                                                      (3,752.9)                                                                          (3,752.9)
            Treasury stock purchases                                                                                                         (4.3)        (874.1)          (874.1)
            Share-based compensation                                        92.4                                                                                             92.4
            Stock option exercises and other                               157.3                                                              3.4          136.3            293.6
            Balance at December 31, 2020         1,660.6        16.6     7,903.6     53,908.1       (287.6)       (111.3)     (2,187.9)    (915.2)     (67,066.4)        (7,824.9)
            Net income                                                                7,545.2                                                                             7,545.2
            Other comprehensive income
            (loss),
               net of tax                                                                            108.1          86.5       (181.5)                                       13.1
               Comprehensive income                                                                                                                                       7,558.3
            Common stock cash dividends
               ($5.25 per share)                                                      (3,918.6)                                                                          (3,918.6)
            Treasury stock purchases                                                                                                         (3.4)        (845.5)          (845.5)
            Share-based compensation                                       139.2                                                                                            139.2
            Stock option exercises and other                               188.8                                                              2.8          101.7            290.5
            Balance at December 31, 2021         1,660.6        16.6     8,231.6     57,534.7       (179.5)        (24.8)     (2,369.4)    (915.8)     (67,810.2)        (4,601.0)
            Net income                                                                6,177.4                                                                             6,177.4
            Other comprehensive income
            (loss),
               net of tax                                                                           (118.7)         55.5        150.3                                        87.1
               Comprehensive income                                                                                                                                       6,264.5
            Common stock cash dividends
               ($5.66 per share)                                                      (4,168.2)                                                                          (4,168.2)
            Treasury stock purchases                                                                                                        (15.8)      (3,896.0)        (3,896.0)
            Share-based compensation                                      166.7                                                                                             166.7
            Stock option exercises and other                               148.8                                                              2.3           81.8            230.6
            Balance at December 31, 2022         1,660.6      $ 16.6   $ 8,547.1    $ 59,543.9    $ (298.2)   $     30.7    $ (2,219.1)    (929.3)   $ (71,624.4)   $    (6,003.4)


            See Notes to consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                    McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 40




54 sur 84                                                                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

            Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

            NATURE OF BUSINESS
            The Company franchises and operates McDonald’s restaurants in the global restaurant industry. All restaurants are operated either by the
            Company or by franchisees, including conventional franchisees under franchised arrangements, and developmental licensees or affiliates under
            license agreements.
                The following table presents restaurant information by ownership type:

            Restaurants at December 31,                                                                                    2022           2021           2020
            Conventional franchised                                                                                      21,720         21,607         21,712
            Developmental licensed                                                                                        8,229          7,913          7,663
            Foreign affiliated                                                                                            8,220          7,775          7,146
              Total Franchised                                                                                           38,169         37,295         36,521
              Company-operated                                                                                            2,106          2,736          2,677
                 Total Systemwide restaurants                                                                            40,275         40,031         39,198

                 The results of operations of restaurant businesses purchased and sold in transactions with franchisees were not material either individually or
            in the aggregate to the consolidated financial statements for periods prior to purchase and sale.
            CONSOLIDATION
            The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. Investments in affiliates owned 50% or less
            (primarily McDonald’s China and Japan) are accounted for by the equity method.
                 On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates its business relationships such as those with franchisees, joint venture partners, developmental
            licensees, suppliers and advertising cooperatives to identify potential variable interest entities. Generally, these businesses qualify for a scope
            exception under the variable interest entity consolidation guidance. The Company has concluded that consolidation of any such entity is not
            appropriate for the periods presented.
            ESTIMATES IN FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires management to make
            estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results
            could differ from those estimates.
            FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION
            Generally, the functional currency of operations outside the U.S. is the respective local currency.
            RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
            Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements
            Leases
            In July 2021, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the "FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2021-05, "Leases (Topic
            842): Lessors—Certain Leases with Variable Lease Payments" ("ASU 2021-05"). The pronouncement amends the current guidance on
            classification for a lease that includes variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate. Under the amended guidance, a lessor
            must classify as an operating lease any lease that would otherwise be classified as a sales-type or direct financing lease and that would result in
            the recognition of a selling loss at lease commencement. ASU 2021-05 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, including
            applicable interim periods. The Company adopted the new standard effective January 1, 2022. The adoption of this standard did not have a
            material effect on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.


            Reference Rate Reform
            In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-04, “Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on
            Financial Reporting" (“ASU 2020-04”). The pronouncement provides temporary optional expedients and exceptions to the current guidance on
            contract modifications and hedge accounting to ease the financial reporting burdens related to the expected market transition from the London
            Interbank Offered Rate and other interbank offered rates to alternative reference rates. The guidance was effective upon issuance and may be
            applied prospectively to contract modifications made and hedging relationships entered into or evaluated on or before December 31, 2022. The
            adoption of this standard did not have a material effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                      McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 41



55 sur 84                                                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




56 sur 84                                                      4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            REVENUE RECOGNITION
            The Company's revenues consist of sales by Company-operated restaurants and fees from restaurants operated by franchisees, developmental
            licensees and affiliates. Revenues from conventional franchised restaurants include rent and royalties based on a percent of sales with minimum
            rent payments, and initial fees. Revenues from restaurants licensed to developmental licensees and affiliates include a royalty based on a percent
            of sales, and generally include initial fees. The Company’s Other revenues are comprised of fees paid by franchisees to recover a portion of costs
            incurred by the Company for various technology platforms, revenues from brand licensing arrangements to market and sell consumer packaged
            goods using the McDonald’s brand and third-party revenues for the Dynamic Yield business, for periods prior to its sale on April 1, 2022.
                 Sales by Company-operated restaurants are recognized on a cash basis at the time of the underlying sale and are presented net of sales tax
            and other sales-related taxes. Royalty revenues are based on a percent of sales and recognized at the time the underlying sales occur. Rental
            income includes both minimum rent payments, which are recognized straight-line over the franchise term (with the exception of rent concessions
            as a result of COVID-19 – refer to the Leasing section that follows) and variable rent payments based on a percent of sales, which are recognized
            at the time the underlying sales occur. Initial fees are recognized as the Company satisfies the performance obligation over the franchise term,
            which is generally 20 years.
                 The Company provides goods or services related to various technology platforms to certain franchisees that are distinct from the franchise
            agreement because they do not require integration with other goods or services that the Company provides. The Company has determined that it
            is the principal in these arrangements. Accordingly, the related revenue is presented on a gross basis on the Consolidated Statement of Income.
            These revenues are recognized as the goods or services are transferred to the franchisee, and related expenses are recognized as incurred.
            Brand licensing arrangement revenues are based on a percent of sales and are recognized at the time the underlying sales occur. For periods
            prior to April 1, 2022, Dynamic Yield third party revenues were generated from providing software as a service solutions to customers and were
            recognized over the applicable subscription period as the service was performed.
            PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
            Property and equipment are stated at cost, with depreciation and amortization provided using the straight-line method over the following estimated
            useful lives: buildings–up to 40 years; leasehold improvements–the lesser of useful lives of assets or lease terms, which generally include certain
            option periods; and equipment–3 to 12 years.
                The Company periodically reviews these lives relative to physical factors, economic factors and industry trends. If there are changes in the
            planned use of property and equipment, or if technological changes occur more rapidly than anticipated, the useful lives assigned to these assets
            may need to be shortened, resulting in the accelerated recognition of depreciation and amortization expense or write-offs in future periods.
                 The Company may share in the cost of certain restaurant improvements with its franchisees, primarily in the U.S. Since McDonald's manages
            the project and provides up front funding in these instances, during the project the Company estimates which costs are the responsibility of
            McDonald's and which are the responsibility of the franchisee, and allocates the corresponding costs between Property and equipment and
            Accounts receivable. Upon the completion of the project, the allocation of costs is finalized and may result in immaterial adjustments to the
            balances and associated depreciation expense.
                Refer to the Property and Equipment footnote on page 49 of this Form 10-K for additional information.
            LEASING
            The Company is the lessee in a significant real estate portfolio, primarily through ground leases (the Company leases the land and generally owns
            the building) and through improved leases (the Company leases the land and buildings). The Lease right-of-use asset and Lease liability reflect
            the present value of the Company’s estimated future minimum lease payments over the lease term, which includes options that are reasonably
            assured of being exercised, discounted using the rate implicit in each lease, if determinable, or a collateralized incremental borrowing rate
            considering the term of the lease and particular currency environment. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less, primarily related to leases
            of office equipment, are not included in the Lease right-or-use asset or Lease liability and continue to be recognized in the Consolidated Statement
            of Income on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
                 The Company has elected not to separate non-lease components from lease components in its lessee portfolio. To the extent that occupancy
            costs, such as site maintenance, are included in the asset and liability, the impact is immaterial and is generally limited to Company-owned
            restaurant locations. For franchised locations, which represent the majority of the restaurant portfolio, the related occupancy costs including
            property taxes, insurance and site maintenance are generally required to be paid by the franchisees as part of the franchise arrangement. In
            addition, the Company is the lessee under non-restaurant related leases such as office buildings, vehicles and office equipment. These leases are
            not a material subset of the Company’s lease portfolio.
                 In 2020, the Company elected the practical expedient to account for COVID-19 related rent concessions as if they were part of the
            enforceable rights and obligations of the parties under the existing lease contract. This was elected for the Company’s entire lessee and lessor
            portfolio for any rent deferrals or rent abatements. For the lessee portfolio, the Company elected not to remeasure the Lease right- of-use asset
            and Lease liability if a rent deferral or a rent abatement was granted. Refer to the Leasing Arrangements footnote on page 50 of this Form 10-K for
            additional information on the Lease right-of-use asset and Lease liability.
                Rental income includes both minimum rent payments and variable rent payments based on a percent of sales.
                Refer to the Franchise Arrangements footnote on page 49 of this Form 10-K for additional information on deferred collections of rental income
            as well as royalties.




                                                                                                                      McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 42




57 sur 84                                                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            CAPITALIZED SOFTWARE
            Capitalized software is stated at cost and amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the software, which primarily
            ranges from 2 to 10 years. Customer facing software is typically amortized over a shorter useful life, while back office and Corporate systems may
            have a longer useful life. Capitalized software less accumulated amortization is recorded within Miscellaneous other assets on the Consolidated
            Balance Sheet and was (in millions): 2022-$864.3; 2021-$795.0; 2020-$691.2.
                 The Company reviews capitalized software for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of
            an asset may not be recoverable or if an indicator of impairment exists, which occurs more regularly throughout the year, such as when new
            software may be ready for its intended use. The Company did not identify any indicators of material impairment of capitalized software for the
            years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Results for 2020 reflected write-offs of impaired software of $26.3 million.
            LONG-LIVED ASSETS
            Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment annually in the fourth quarter and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
            carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. For purposes of annually reviewing McDonald’s restaurant assets for potential impairment,
            assets are initially grouped together in the U.S. at a field office level, and internationally, at a market level. The Company manages its restaurants
            as a group or portfolio with significant common costs and promotional activities; as such, an individual restaurant’s cash flows are not generally
            independent of the cash flows of others in a market. If an indicator of impairment exists for any grouping of assets, an estimate of undiscounted
            future cash flows produced by each individual restaurant within the asset grouping is compared to its carrying value. If an individual restaurant is
            determined to be impaired, the loss is measured by the excess of the carrying amount of the restaurant over its fair value as determined by an
            estimate of discounted future cash flows.
                 Losses on assets held for disposal are recognized when management and the Company's Board of Directors, as required, have approved
            and committed to a plan to dispose of the assets, the assets are available for disposal and the disposal is probable of occurring within 12 months,
            and the net sales proceeds are expected to be less than its net book value, among other factors. Generally, such losses are related to restaurants
            that have closed and ceased operations as well as other assets that meet the criteria to be considered “held for sale."
            GOODWILL
            Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the net tangible assets and identifiable intangible assets of acquired restaurants and other
            businesses, and it is generally assigned to the reporting unit (defined as each individual market) expected to benefit from the synergies of the
            combination. The Company's goodwill primarily results from purchases of McDonald's restaurants from franchisees or transactions in which the
            Company obtains a controlling interest in subsidiaries or affiliates. When purchasing restaurants from a franchisee, the Company generally uses a
            discounted cash flow methodology (Level 3 inputs within the valuation hierarchy), which determines the fair value of restaurants acquired based
            on their expected profitability and cash flows. During 2022, the Company acquired restaurants from franchisees in order to expand its Company-
            operated restaurant footprint in key growth areas and to support key strategic franchising initiatives. In conjunction with these purchases, the
            Company recorded approximately $75 million of net tangible assets, $525 million of identifiable intangible assets (primarily consisting of
            reacquired franchise rights) and $190 million of goodwill. These acquisitions did not have a material impact on the amount of recorded revenues or
            net income of the Company. If a Company-operated restaurant is sold within 24 months of acquisition, the goodwill associated with the acquisition
            is written off in its entirety. If a Company-operated restaurant is sold beyond 24 months months from the acquisition, the amount of goodwill written
            off is based on the relative fair value of the business sold compared to the reporting unit.
                 The following table presents the 2022 activity in goodwill by segment:

                                                                                                  International   International Developmental
            In millions                                                              U.S.     Operated Markets Licensed Markets & Corporate            Consolidated
            Balance at December 31, 2021                                      $ 1,673.4           $   1,109.1               $             —             $ 2,782.5
            Net restaurant purchases (sales)                                      141.8                  47.0                             —                 188.8
            Currency translation                                                     —                  (70.9)                            —                 (70.9)
            Balance at December 31, 2022                                      $ 1,815.2           $   1,085.2               $             —             $ 2,900.4

                 The Company conducts goodwill impairment testing in the fourth quarter of each year or whenever indicators of impairment exist. If an
            indicator of impairment exists, the goodwill impairment test compares the fair value of a reporting unit, generally based on discounted future cash
            flows, with its carrying amount including goodwill. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recorded
            for the difference. In the current period, the Company performed a qualitative assessment and did not identify any indicators of impairment.
            Historically, goodwill impairment has not significantly impacted the consolidated financial statements. Goodwill on the Consolidated Balance Sheet
            reflects accumulated impairment losses of $14.5 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.
            ADVERTISING COSTS
            Advertising costs included in operating expenses of Company-operated restaurants primarily consist of contributions to advertising cooperatives
            based upon a percent of sales, and were (in millions): 2022–$334.5; 2021–$377.6; 2020–$325.5. The decrease in 2022 is primarily due to lower
            sales in the International Operated Markets as a result of the sale of the Company's business in Russia and the temporary restaurant closures in
            Ukraine.
                 In addition, significant advertising costs are incurred by conventional franchisees through contributions to advertising cooperatives in
            individual markets that are also based upon a percent of sales. In the markets that make up the vast majority of the Systemwide advertising
            spend, including the U.S., McDonald’s is not the primary beneficiary of these entities, and therefore has concluded that consolidation would not be
            appropriate, as the Company does not have the power through voting or similar rights to direct the activities of the cooperatives that most
            significantly impact their economic performance.



                                                                                                                        McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 43




58 sur 84                                                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




                 Production costs for radio and television advertising are expensed when the commercials are initially aired. These production costs, primarily
            in the U.S., as well as other marketing-related expenses are included in Selling, general & administrative expenses and were (in millions):
            2022–$63.8; 2021–$82.9; 2020–$329.2. Results for 2020 included about $175 million of incremental marketing contributions by the Company to
            the System's advertising cooperative arrangements across the U.S. and International Operated Markets, as well as higher investments in brand
            communications.
            INCOME TAXES

            Income Tax Uncertainties
            The Company, like other multi-national companies, is regularly audited by federal, state and foreign tax authorities, and tax assessments may
            arise several years after tax returns have been filed. Accordingly, tax liabilities are recorded when, in management’s judgment, a tax position does
            not meet the more likely than not threshold for recognition. For tax positions that meet the more likely than not threshold, a tax liability may still be
            recorded depending on management’s assessment of how the tax position will ultimately be settled. The Company records interest and penalties
            on unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes.
                  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and
            the tax basis of existing assets and liabilities. The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce its deferred tax assets if it is considered more
            likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. While the Company has considered future taxable income
            and ongoing prudent and feasible tax strategies, including the sale of appreciated assets, in assessing the need for the valuation allowance, if
            these estimates and assumptions change in the future, the Company may be required to adjust its valuation allowance. This could result in a
            charge to, or an increase in, income in the period such determination is made.
                  Refer to the Income Taxes footnote on page 52 of this Form 10-K for additional information.

            Accounting for Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income ("GILTI")
            The accounting policy of the Company is to record any tax on GILTI in the provision for income taxes in the year it is incurred.
            FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
            The Company measures certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis, and certain non-financial assets and liabilities on a
            nonrecurring basis. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most
            advantageous market in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Fair value disclosures are reflected in a
            three-level hierarchy, maximizing the use of observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs.
                 The valuation hierarchy is based upon the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability on the measurement date. The three
            levels are defined as follows:
            ▪      Level 1 – inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for an identical asset or liability in an active market.
            ▪      Level 2 – inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for a similar asset or liability in an active market or model-derived
                   valuations in which all significant inputs are observable for substantially the full term of the asset or liability.
            ▪      Level 3 – inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement of the asset or liability.
                 Certain of the Company’s derivatives are valued using various pricing models or discounted cash flow analyses that incorporate observable
            market parameters, such as interest rate yield curves, option volatilities and foreign currency rates, classified as Level 2 within the valuation
            hierarchy. Derivative valuations incorporate credit risk adjustments that are necessary to reflect the probability of default by the counterparty or the
            Company.

            ▪      Certain Financial Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value
            The following tables present financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis by the valuation hierarchy as defined in the
            fair value guidance:

            December 31, 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                Total Carrying
            In millions                                                                                                                    Level 1 (1)            Level 2               Value
            Derivative assets                                                                                                        $        200.5      $          82.0    $         282.5
            Derivative liabilities                                                                                                                       $        (141.7)   $        (141.7)

            December 31, 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                Total Carrying
            In millions                                                                                                                    Level 1 (1)            Level 2               Value
            Derivative assets                                                                                                        $        209.8      $          79.8    $         289.6
            Derivative liabilities                                                                                                                       $          (7.9)   $          (7.9)

            (1)   Level 1 is comprised of derivatives that hedge market driven changes in liabilities associated with the Company’s supplemental benefit plans.




                                                                                                                                             McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 44




59 sur 84                                                                                                                                                                         4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            ▪    Non-Financial Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis
            Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis; that is, the assets and liabilities are not measured at fair value on
            an ongoing basis, but are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances (e.g., when there is evidence of impairment). For the years
            ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not record any material fair value adjustments to long-lived assets (including goodwill).

            ▪    Certain Financial Assets and Liabilities not Measured at Fair Value
            At December 31, 2022, the fair value of the Company’s debt obligations was estimated at $33.5 billion, compared to a carrying amount of $35.9
            billion. The fair value was based on quoted market prices, Level 2 within the valuation hierarchy. The carrying amount of cash and equivalents and
            notes receivable approximate fair value.
            FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES
            The Company is exposed to global market risks, including the effect of changes in interest rates and foreign currency fluctuations. The Company
            uses foreign currency denominated debt and derivative instruments to mitigate the impact of these changes. The Company does not hold or issue
            derivatives for trading purposes.
                 The Company documents its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking hedging transactions, as well as all relationships
            between hedging instruments and hedged items. The Company’s derivatives that are designated for hedge accounting consist mainly of interest
            rate swaps, foreign currency forwards, and cross-currency interest rate swaps, and are classified as either fair value, cash flow or net investment
            hedges. Further details are explained in the "Fair Value," "Cash Flow" and "Net Investment" hedge sections.
                The Company enters into certain derivatives that are not designated for hedge accounting. The Company has entered into equity derivative
            contracts, including total return swaps, to hedge market-driven changes in certain of its supplemental benefit plan liabilities. In addition, the
            Company uses foreign currency forwards to mitigate the change in fair value of certain foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities. Further
            details are explained in the “Undesignated Derivatives” section.
                All derivatives (including those not designated for hedge accounting) are recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at fair value and
            classified based on the instruments’ maturity dates. Changes in the fair value measurements of the derivative instruments are reflected as
            adjustments to AOCI and/or current earnings.
            The following table presents the fair values of derivative instruments included on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022 and
            2021:

                                Derivative Assets                                                                     Derivative Liabilities
            In millions         Balance Sheet Classification                        2022        2021 Balance Sheet Classification                   2022       2021
            Derivatives designated as hedging instruments
            Foreign currency Prepaid expenses and other current assets          $   53.3    $   42.4   Accrued payroll and other liabilities    $ (17.9) $     (3.3)
            Interest rate       Prepaid expenses and other current assets             —     $    0.3   Accrued payroll and other liabilities          —          —
            Foreign currency Miscellaneous other assets                             28.7        28.0   Other long-term liabilities                 (30.7)      (0.5)
            Interest rate       Miscellaneous other assets                            —          8.6   Other long-term liabilities                 (91.5)      (4.1)
            Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments                 $   82.0    $   79.3                                            $ (140.1) $    (7.9)
            Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments
            Equity              Prepaid expenses and other current assets       $ 200.5     $   9.5    Accrued payroll and other liabilities    $   (1.6) $      —
            Foreign currency Prepaid expenses and other current assets               —          0.5    Accrued payroll and other liabilities          —          —
            Equity              Miscellaneous other assets                           —        200.3
            Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments             $ 200.5     $ 210.3                                             $ (1.6) $        —
            Total derivatives                                                   $ 282.5     $ 289.6                                             $ (141.7) $    (7.9)

                The following table presents the pre-tax amounts from derivative instruments affecting income and AOCI for the year ended December 31,
            2022 and 2021, respectively:




                                                                                                                         McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 45




60 sur 84                                                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                                     https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




                                                                                                                             Gain (loss)
                                                           Location of gain or loss               Gain (loss)                reclassified                   Gain (loss)
                                                          recognized in income on               recognized in             into income from                 recognized in
                                                                  derivative                        AOCI                         AOCI                  income on derivative
            In millions                                                                          2022         2021           2022          2021             2022         2021
            Foreign currency                          Nonoperating income/expense $            122.5 $        74.2 $       137.8 $        (30.9)
            Interest rate                             Interest expense                           83.9           —            (2.9)         (6.3)
            Cash flow hedges                                                      $            206.4 $        74.2 $       134.9 $        (37.2)
            Foreign currency denominated debt Nonoperating income/expense $                    902.8 $       725.8                          47.1
            Foreign currency derivatives      Nonoperating income/expense                      (12.0)         40.2
            Foreign currency derivatives(1)   Interest expense                                                                                     $       11.2    $   14.7
            Net investment hedges                                         $                    890.8    $    766.0                   $      47.1   $       11.2    $   14.7
            Foreign currency                          Nonoperating income/expense                                                                  $        9.3    $     9.4
            Equity                                    Selling, general &
                                                      administrative expenses                                                                              (9.3)       99.3
            Equity                                    Other operating income/
                                                      expense, net                                                                                           —         (11.3)
            Undesignated derivatives                                                                                                               $         —     $    97.4
                  (1)
                     The amount of gain (loss) recognized in income related to components excluded from effectiveness testing.

            Fair Value Hedges
            The Company enters into fair value hedges to reduce the exposure to changes in fair values of certain liabilities. The Company enters into fair
            value hedges that convert a portion of its fixed rate debt into floating rate debt by use of interest rate swaps. At December 31, 2022, the carrying
            amount of fixed-rate debt that was effectively converted was an equivalent notional amount of $1.2 billion, which included a decrease of $91.5
            million of cumulative hedging adjustments. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized a $96.3 million loss on the fair value
            of interest rate swaps, and a corresponding gain on the fair value of the related hedged debt instrument to interest expense.

            Cash Flow Hedges
            The Company enters into cash flow hedges to reduce the exposure to variability in certain expected future cash flows. To protect against the
            reduction in value of forecasted foreign currency cash flows (such as royalties denominated in foreign currencies), the Company uses foreign
            currency forwards to hedge a portion of anticipated exposures. The hedges cover up to the next 18 months for certain exposures and are
            denominated in various currencies. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had derivatives outstanding with an equivalent notional amount of
            $1.5 billion that hedged a portion of forecasted foreign currency denominated cash flows.
                 Based on market conditions at December 31, 2022, the $30.7 million in cumulative cash flow hedging gains, after tax, is not expected to have
            a significant effect on earnings over the next 12 months.
            Net Investment Hedges
            The Company uses foreign currency denominated debt (third party and intercompany) as well as foreign currency derivatives to hedge its
            investments in certain foreign subsidiaries and affiliates. Realized and unrealized translation adjustments from these hedges are included in
            shareholders' equity in the foreign currency translation component of Other comprehensive income ("OCI") and offset translation adjustments on
            the underlying net assets of foreign subsidiaries and affiliates, which also are recorded in OCI. As of December 31, 2022, $12.2 billion of the
            Company's third party foreign currency denominated debt, $679 million of intercompany foreign currency denominated debt, and $585 million of
            foreign currency derivatives were designated to hedge investments in certain foreign subsidiaries and affiliates.

            Undesignated Derivatives
            The Company enters into certain derivatives that are not designated for hedge accounting. Therefore, the changes in the fair value of these
            derivatives are recognized immediately in earnings together with the gain or loss from the hedged balance sheet position. As an example, the
            Company enters into equity derivative contracts, including total return swaps, to hedge market-driven changes in certain of its supplemental
            benefit plan liabilities. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recorded in Selling, general & administrative expenses together with the
            changes in the supplemental benefit plan liabilities. In addition, the Company uses foreign currency forwards to mitigate the change in fair value of
            certain foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities. The changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in Nonoperating
            (income) expense, net, along with the currency gain or loss from the hedged balance sheet position.

            Credit Risk
            The Company is exposed to credit-related losses in the event of non-performance by its derivative counterparties. The Company did not have
            significant exposure to any individual counterparty at December 31, 2022 and has master agreements that contain netting arrangements. For
            financial reporting purposes, the Company presents gross derivative balances in the financial statements and supplementary data, including for
            counterparties subject to netting arrangements. Some of these agreements also require each party to post collateral if credit ratings fall below, or
            aggregate exposures exceed, certain contractual limits. At December 31, 2022, the Company was required to post $78 million of collateral due to
            the negative fair value of certain derivative positions. The Company's counterparties were not required to post collateral on any derivative position,
            other than on certain hedges of the Company’s supplemental benefit plan liabilities where the counterparties were required to post collateral on
            their liability positions.



                                                                                                                                 McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 46




61 sur 84                                                                                                                                                          4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION
            The Company has a share-based compensation plan, which authorizes the granting of various equity-based incentives including stock options and
            restricted stock units (“RSUs”) to employees and nonemployee directors.
                Share-based compensation, which includes the portion vesting of all share-based awards granted based on the grant date fair value, is
            generally amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period in Selling, general & administrative expenses.
                The fair value of each stock option granted is estimated on the date of grant using a closed-form pricing model. The pricing model requires
            assumptions, which impact the assumed fair value, including the expected life of the stock option, the risk-free interest rate, expected volatility of
            the Company’s stock over the expected life and the expected dividend yield. The Company uses historical data to determine these assumptions
            and if these assumptions change significantly for future grants, share-based compensation expense will fluctuate in future years. In addition, the
            Company estimates forfeitures when determining the amount of compensation costs to be recognized each period.
                 The fair value of each RSU granted is equal to the market price of the Company’s stock at date of grant. For performance-based RSUs, the
            Company includes a relative Total Shareholder Return ("TSR") modifier to determine the number of shares earned at the end of the performance
            period. The fair value of performance-based RSUs that include the TSR modifier is determined using a Monte Carlo valuation model.
                Refer to the Share-based Compensation footnote on page 56 of this Form 10-K for additional information.



            PER COMMON SHARE INFORMATION
            Diluted earnings per common share is calculated using net income divided by diluted weighted-average shares. Diluted weighted-average shares
            include weighted-average shares outstanding plus the dilutive effect of share-based compensation calculated using the treasury stock method, of
            (in millions of shares): 2022–4.8; 2021–5.5; 2020–5.5. Share-based compensation awards that were not included in diluted weighted-average
            shares because they would have been antidilutive were (in millions of shares): 2022–1.5; 2021–2.2; 2020–1.8.



            CASH AND EQUIVALENTS
            The Company considers short-term, highly liquid investments with an original maturity of 90 days or less to be cash equivalents. As of
            December 31, 2022, Cash and equivalents was $2.6 billion of which $1.8 billion consisted of certificates of deposit.




                                                                                                                         McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 47




62 sur 84                                                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                             https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            Segment and Geographic Information

            McDonald’s operates under an organizational structure with the following global business segments reflecting how management reviews and
            evaluates operating performance:
               •     U.S. - the Company’s largest market. The segment is 95% franchised as of December 31, 2022.
               •     International Operated Markets - comprised of markets, or countries in which the Company operates and franchises restaurants, including
                     Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain and the U.K. The segment is 89% franchised as of December 31, 2022.
               •     International Developmental Licensed Markets & Corporate - comprised primarily of developmental licensee and affiliate markets in the
                     McDonald’s system. Corporate activities are also reported in this segment. The segment is 98% franchised as of December 31, 2022.
                In December 2021 and April 2022, the Company completed the divestitures of Apprente (McD Tech Labs) and Dynamic Yield, respectively.
            Additionally, in June 2022, the Company sold its business in Russia. Prior to their respective dates of sale, financial performance relating to
            Dynamic Yield and McD Tech Labs is reflected within the International Developmental Licensed Markets & Corporate segment and financial
            performance relating to Russia is reflected in the International Operated Markets segment.
                 All intercompany revenues and expenses are eliminated in computing revenues and operating income. Corporate general and administrative
            expenses consist of home office support costs in areas such as facilities, finance, human resources, information technology, legal, marketing,
            restaurant operations, supply chain and training. Corporate assets include corporate cash and equivalents, asset portions of financial instruments
            and home office facilities.

            In millions                                                                                                2022            2021              2020
            U.S.                                                                                              $     9,588.4 $       8,865.0 $         7,828.5
            International Operated Markets                                                                         11,297.0        12,219.8           9,570.7
            International Developmental Licensed Markets & Corporate                                                2,297.2         2,138.1           1,808.6
               Total revenues                                                                                 $    23,182.6   $    23,222.9    $     19,207.8
            U.S.                                                                                              $     5,136.4   $     4,754.7    $      3,789.1
            International Operated Markets                                                                          3,926.0         5,130.6           3,315.1
            International Developmental Licensed Markets & Corporate                                                  308.6           470.7             219.8
               Total operating income                                                                         $     9,371.0   $    10,356.0    $      7,324.0
            U.S.                                                                                              $    21,793.0   $    21,280.3    $     21,010.0
            International Operated Markets                                                                         21,979.3        24,186.1          24,744.0
            International Developmental Licensed Markets & Corporate                                                6,663.3         8,387.9           6,872.8
               Total assets                                                                                   $    50,435.6   $    53,854.3    $     52,626.8
            U.S.                                                                                              $       860.0   $       940.7    $        890.4
            International Operated Markets                                                                          1,015.2         1,050.6             731.5
            International Developmental Licensed Markets & Corporate                                                   24.0             48.7             18.9
              Total capital expenditures                                                                      $     1,899.2   $      2,040.0   $      1,640.8
            U.S.                                                                                              $       912.4   $        840.7   $        813.8
            International Operated Markets                                                                            640.6            726.4            678.5
            International Developmental Licensed Markets & Corporate                                                  317.6            301.0            259.1
              Total depreciation and amortization                                                             $     1,870.6   $      1,868.1   $      1,751.4

                Total long-lived assets, primarily property and equipment and the Company's Lease right-of-use asset, were (in millions)–Consolidated:
            2022–$37,403.0; 2021–$39,267.0; U.S. based: 2022–$19,416.3; 2021–$19,600.1.




                                                                                                                     McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 48




63 sur 84                                                                                                                                            4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                                 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            Property and Equipment

                 Net property and equipment consisted of:

            In millions                                                                                                     'December 31, 2022                       2021
            Land                                                                                                          $           6,686.3          $          6,487.6
            Buildings and improvements on owned land                                                                                 18,934.2                    18,666.0
            Buildings and improvements on leased land                                                                                12,492.0                    13,283.3
            Equipment, signs and seating                                                                                              2,498.6                     3,032.0
            Other                                                                                                                       426.5                       447.7
            Property and equipment, at cost                                                                                          41,037.6                    41,916.6
            Accumulated depreciation and amortization                                                                               (17,264.0)                  (17,196.0)
            Net property and equipment                                                                                    $          23,773.6          $         24,720.6

                Depreciation and amortization expense for property and equipment was (in millions): 2022–$1,454.0; 2021–$1,530.7; 2020–$1,469.4. The
            decrease in both Buildings and improvements on leased land and Equipment, signs and seating from 2021 to 2022 was primarily driven by the
            Company's sale of the business in Russia.


            Franchise Arrangements

            Conventional franchise arrangements generally include a lease and a license and provide for payment of initial fees, as well as continuing rent and
            royalties to the Company based upon a percent of sales with minimum rent payments. Minimum rent payments are based on the Company's
            underlying investment in owned sites and parallel the Company’s underlying leases and escalations on properties that are leased. Under the
            franchise arrangement, franchisees are granted the right to operate a restaurant using the McDonald’s System and, in most cases, the use of a
            restaurant facility, generally for a period of 20 years. At the end of the 20-year franchise arrangement, the Company maintains control of the
            underlying real estate and building and can either enter into a new 20-year franchise arrangement with the existing franchisee or a different
            franchisee, or close the restaurant. Franchisees generally pay related occupancy costs including property taxes, insurance and site maintenance.
                Developmental licensees and affiliates operating under license agreements pay a royalty to the Company based upon a percent of sales, and
            generally pay initial fees.
                 McDonald’s has elected to allocate consideration in the franchise contract among lease and non-lease components in the same manner that
            it has historically: rental income (lease), royalty income (non-lease) and initial fee income (non-lease). This disaggregation and presentation of
            revenue is based on the nature, amount, timing and certainty of the revenue and cash flows. The allocation has been determined based on a mix
            of both observable and estimated standalone selling prices (the price at which an entity would sell a promised good or service separately to a
            customer).
                 Revenues from franchised restaurants consisted of:

            In millions                                                                                                           2022              2021            2020
            Rents                                                                                                     $        9,045.7 $         8,381.1 $       6,844.7
            Royalties                                                                                                          5,005.6           4,645.1         3,831.5
            Initial fees                                                                                                          54.5              59.2            49.9
            Revenues from franchised restaurants                                                                      $       14,105.8 $        13,085.4 $      10,726.1
                 As rent and royalties are based upon a percent of sales, government restrictions as a result of COVID-19 had a more significant negative
            impact on revenues in 2020. The Company granted the deferrals of cash collection for certain rent and royalties earned from franchisees in
            substantially all markets primarily in the first half of 2020. In total, the Company deferred collection of approximately $1 billion and has collected all
            of these deferrals as of December 31, 2022.

                 Future gross minimum rent payments due to the Company under existing conventional franchise arrangements are:

            In millions                                                                                                       Owned sites       Leased sites         Total
            2023                                                                                                          $ 1,512.5         $     1,458.0      $ 2,970.5
            2024                                                                                                             1,471.5              1,394.8         2,866.3
            2025                                                                                                             1,425.9              1,332.1         2,758.0
            2026                                                                                                             1,375.0              1,275.5         2,650.5
            2027                                                                                                             1,328.2              1,218.9         2,547.1
            Thereafter                                                                                                       9,533.6              8,454.3        17,987.9
              Total minimum payments                                                                                      $ 16,646.7        $    15,133.6      $ 31,780.3

                At December 31, 2022, net property and equipment under franchise arrangements totaled $20.2 billion (including land of $5.9 billion) after
            deducting accumulated depreciation and amortization of $14.3 billion.



                                                                                                                           McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 49




64 sur 84                                                                                                                                                       4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            Leasing Arrangements

            The Company is the lessee in a significant real estate portfolio, primarily through ground leases (the Company leases the land and generally owns
            the building) and through improved leases (the Company leases the land and buildings). The Company determines whether an arrangement is a
            lease at inception. Lease terms for most restaurants, where market conditions allow, are generally for 20 years and, in many cases, provide for
            rent escalations and renewal options. Renewal options are typically solely at the Company’s discretion. Escalation terms vary by market with
            examples including fixed-rent escalations, escalations based on an inflation index and fair-value market adjustments. The timing of these
            escalations generally range from annually to every five years.
                   The following table provides detail of rent expense:

            In millions                                                                                                               2022      2021      2020
            Restaurants                                                                                                          $ 1,416.4 $ 1,486.3 $ 1,399.5
            Other                                                                                                                     59.7      74.0      79.8
            Total rent expense                                                                                                   $ 1,476.1 $ 1,560.3 $ 1,479.3

                Rent expense included percent rents in excess of minimum rents (in millions) as follows–Company-operated restaurants: 2022–$39.6;
            2021–$69.2; 2020–$53.7. Franchised restaurants: 2022–$209.0; 2021–$160.0; 2020–$136.5. These variable rent payments are based on a
            percent of sales.
                 The Lease right-of-use asset and Lease liability reflect the present value of the Company's estimated future minimum lease payments over
            the lease term, which includes options that are reasonably assured of being exercised, discounted using a collateralized incremental borrowing
            rate. Typically, renewal options are considered reasonably assured of being exercised if the associated asset lives of the building or leasehold
            improvements exceed that of the initial lease term, and the sales performance of the restaurant remains strong. Therefore, the Lease right-of-use
            asset and Lease liability include an assumption on renewal options that have not yet been exercised by the Company, and are not currently a
            future obligation.
                 The Company's lease portfolio includes both operating and finance leases, however as of December 31, 2022, the vast majority of the
            portfolio was classified as operating leases.
                 As the rate implicit in each lease is not readily determinable, the Company uses an incremental borrowing rate to calculate the lease liability
            that represents an estimate of the interest rate the Company would incur to borrow on a collateralized basis over the term of a lease within a
            particular currency environment. The weighted average discount rate used for leases was 3.5% as of December 31, 2022 and 3.7% as of
            December 31, 2021.
                   As of December 31, 2022, maturities of lease liabilities for the Company's lease portfolio were as follows:

                In millions                                                                                                                                 Total *
                2023                                                                                                                               $      1,161.6
                2024                                                                                                                                      1,134.4
                2025                                                                                                                                      1,096.2
                2026                                                                                                                                      1,041.8
                2027                                                                                                                                      1,003.3
                Thereafter                                                                                                                               12,799.5
                Total lease payments                                                                                                                     18,236.8
                Less: imputed interest                                                                                                                   (5,441.3)
                Present value of lease liability                                                                                                   $     12,795.5
            *     Total lease payments include option periods that are reasonably assured of being exercised.
                 The decrease in the present value of the lease liability since December 31, 2021 is approximately $(0.9) billion. The lease liability will continue
            to be impacted by new leases, lease modifications, lease terminations, reevaluation of lease terms, and foreign currency.
                The Weighted Average Lease Term remaining that is included in the maturities of lease liabilities was 19 years as of December 31, 2022 and
            20 years as of December 31, 2021.




                                                                                                                         McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 50




65 sur 84                                                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            Contingencies

            In the ordinary course of business, the Company is subject to proceedings, lawsuits and other claims primarily related to competitors, customers,
            employees, franchisees, government agencies, intellectual property, shareholders and suppliers. The Company is required to assess the
            likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to these matters as well as potential ranges of probable losses. A determination of the amount of
            accrual required, if any, for these contingencies is made after careful analysis of each matter. The required accrual may change in the future due
            to new developments in a particular matter or changes in approach such as a change in settlement strategy in dealing with these matters. The
            Company does not believe that any such matter currently being reviewed will have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of
            operations.

            Other Operating (Income) Expense, Net
            In millions                                                                                                    2022            2021            2020
            Gains on sales of restaurant businesses                                                               $       (59.8) $        (96.6) $        (23.3)
            Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates                                                              (113.2)         (176.7)         (117.4)
            Asset dispositions and other (income) expense, net                                                            136.8            75.4           290.7
            Impairment and other charges (gains), net                                                                   1,009.8          (285.4)         (267.5)
            Total                                                                                                 $       973.6 $        (483.3) $       (117.5)

            ▪    Gains on sales of restaurant businesses
            The Company’s purchases and sales of businesses with its franchisees are aimed at maintaining an optimal ownership mix in each market.
            Resulting gains or losses on sales of restaurant businesses are recorded in operating income because these transactions are a recurring part of
            the Company's business.
            ▪    Equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates
            Unconsolidated affiliates and partnerships are businesses in which the Company actively participates but does not control. The Company records
            equity in (earnings) losses from these entities representing McDonald’s share of results for markets in both the International Operated Markets
            and International Developmental Licensed Markets segments. For foreign affiliated markets—primarily China and Japan—results are reported net
            of interest expense and income taxes.
            ▪    Asset dispositions and other (income) expense, net
            Asset dispositions and other (income) expense, net consists of gains or losses on excess property and other asset dispositions, provisions for
            restaurant closings, reserves for bad debts, asset write-offs due to restaurant reinvestment, strategic sale of properties, and other miscellaneous
            income and expenses.
            ▪    Impairment and other charges (gains), net
            Impairment and other charges (gains), net includes losses that result from the write down of goodwill and long-lived assets from their carrying
            value to their fair value, as well as charges associated with strategic initiatives, such as refranchising and restructuring activities. The realized
            gains/losses from the divestiture of ownership percentages of subsidiaries are reflected in this category, including the gains on sale of McDonald's
            Japan stock in 2020 and 2021, which reduced the Company's ownership in McDonald's Japan from 49% to 35%. Additionally, in 2022 this
            category includes $1.3 billion of charges related to the sale of the Company's business in Russia and a gain of $271 million related to the
            Company's sale of its Dynamic Yield business.




66 sur 84                                                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




                                      McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 51




67 sur 84                                                             4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                                     https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            Income Taxes

            Income before provision for income taxes, classified by source of income, was as follows:

            In millions                                                                                                                   2022      2021      2020
            U.S.                                                                                                                     $ 1,845.6 $ 2,413.9 $ 1,390.4
            Outside the U.S.                                                                                                           5,979.8   6,714.0   4,750.3
            Income before provision for income taxes *                                                                               $ 7,825.4 $ 9,127.9 $ 6,140.7
                 *Income before provision for income taxes decreased in 2022 primarily due to current and prior year charges and gains detailed in the Net Income and Diluted
                 Earnings Per Share section on page 12 of this Form 10-K, which offset strong operating performance.


                      The provision for income taxes, classified by the timing and location of payment, was as follows:

            In millions                                                                                                                 2022            2021            2020
            U.S. federal                                                                                                        $      517.3 $         887.6 $         554.1
            U.S. state                                                                                                                 246.3           228.1           119.1
            Outside the U.S.                                                                                                         1,230.1           895.3           730.6
              Current tax provision                                                                                                  1,993.7         2,011.0         1,403.8
            U.S. federal                                                                                                               (80.0)         (177.4)          870.3
            U.S. state                                                                                                                 (46.2)          (24.1)           73.3
            Outside the U.S.                                                                                                          (219.5)         (226.8)         (937.2)
              Deferred tax provision                                                                                                  (345.7)         (428.3)            6.4
            Provision for income taxes                                                                                          $    1,648.0 $       1,582.7 $       1,410.2

                 Net deferred tax (assets) liabilities consisted of:

            In millions                                                                                                                  December 31, 2022     2021
            Lease right-of-use asset                                                                                                            $ 3,045.0 $ 3,462.7
            Property and equipment                                                                                                                1,706.3   1,648.6
            Intangible assets                                                                                                                       296.7     696.0
            Other                                                                                                                                   595.4     490.8
               Total deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                     5,643.4   6,298.1
            Lease liability                                                                                                                      (3,099.9) (3,516.9)
            Intangible assets                                                                                                                    (2,658.9) (2,524.6)
            Property and equipment                                                                                                                 (676.3)   (647.1)
            Deferred foreign tax credits                                                                                                            (74.5)   (311.5)
            Employee benefit plans                                                                                                                 (180.6)   (153.6)
            Deferred revenue                                                                                                                       (165.8)   (121.4)
            Operating loss carryforwards                                                                                                            (76.6)    (96.1)
            Other                                                                                                                                  (267.4)   (284.4)
               Total deferred tax assets before valuation allowance                                                                              (7,200.0) (7,655.6)
            Valuation allowance                                                                                                                   1,077.1   1,076.1
            Net deferred tax (assets) liabilities                                                                                               $ (479.5) $ (281.4)
            Balance sheet presentation:
            Deferred income taxes                                                                                                                   $ 1,997.5 $ 2,075.6
            Other assets-miscellaneous                                                                                                               (2,477.0) (2,357.0)
            Net deferred tax (assets) liabilities                                                                                                   $ (479.5) $ (281.4)




68 sur 84                                                                                                                                                         4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




                                      McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 52




69 sur 84                                                             4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




                 At December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards of $407.5 million, of which $174.6 million has an indefinite
            carryforward. The remainder will expire at various dates from 2023 to 2040.

                  The statutory U.S. federal income tax rate reconciles to the effective income tax rates as follows:

                                                                                                                                                          2022           2021           2020
            Statutory U.S. federal income tax rate                                                                                                      21.0 %         21.0 %         21.0 %
            State income taxes, net of related federal income tax benefit                                                                                2.0            1.8            1.8
            Foreign income taxed at different rates                                                                                                      1.1            0.9            0.4
            Tax impact of intercompany transactions                                                                                                      0.2            0.1            2.1
            Global intangible low-tax income ("GILTI")                                                                                                   0.4            0.3            1.2
            Foreign-derived intangible income ("FDII")                                                                                                  (4.2)          (2.6)          (3.4)
            U.S./Foreign tax law changes                                                                                                                  —            (3.9)          (1.8)
            Nonoperating expense related to France audit settlement                                                                                      1.4             —              —
            Other, net                                                                                                                                  (0.8)          (0.3)           1.7
            Effective income tax rates                                                                                                                  21.1 %         17.3 %         23.0 %

                 The 2022 effective income tax rate reflected the tax impact of $537 million of non-operating expense related to the settlement of the tax audit
            in France. In 2021, U.S./Foreign tax law changes included a $364 million income tax benefit related to the remeasurement of deferred taxes as a
            result of a change in the U.K. statutory income tax rate.
                 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company’s gross unrecognized tax benefits totaled $647.0 million and $1,504.9 million, respectively.
            After considering the deferred tax accounting impact, it is expected that about $410 million of the total as of December 31, 2022 would favorably
            affect the effective tax rate if resolved in the Company’s favor.
                  The following table presents a reconciliation of the beginning and ending amounts of unrecognized tax benefits:

            In millions                                                                                                                                              2022              2021
            Balance at January 1                                                                                                                            $     1,504.9 $         1,479.2
            Decreases for positions taken in prior years                                                                                                           (579.4)            (31.9)
            Increases for positions taken in prior years                                                                                                             49.8              26.1
            Increases for positions related to the current year                                                                                                     100.3              60.7
            Settlements with taxing authorities                                                                                                                    (428.1)            (16.8)
            Lapsing of statutes of limitations                                                                                                                       (0.5)            (12.4)
            Balance at December 31(1)                                                                                                                       $       647.0 $         1,504.9

            (1)   Of this amount, $619.6 million and $1,157.5 million are included in Long-term income taxes for 2022 and 2021, respectively, and $27.3 million and $332.0 million are included
                  in Prepaid expenses and other current assets for 2022 and 2021, respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The remainder is included in Deferred income taxes on the
                  Consolidated Balance Sheet.



                 In 2015, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") issued a Revenue Agent Report (“RAR”) that included certain disagreed transfer
            pricing adjustments related to the Company’s U.S. Federal income tax returns for 2009 and 2010. Also in 2015, the Company filed a protest with
            the IRS related to these disagreed transfer pricing matters. During 2017, the Company received a response to its protest, and beginning in
            December 2018 the Company met with the IRS Appeals team regarding settlement of these issues. In February 2023, the Company finalized a
            settlement agreement with the IRS Appeals team related to the disagreed transfer pricing matters for the years 2009-2010.
                 In 2017, the IRS completed its examination of the Company’s U.S. Federal income tax returns for 2011 and 2012. In 2018, the IRS issued a
            RAR for these years. As expected, the RAR included the same disagreed transfer pricing matters as the 2009 and 2010 RAR. Also in 2018, the
            Company filed a protest with the IRS related to these disagreed transfer pricing matters. The Company continues to meet with the IRS Appeals
            team regarding the settlement of these issues.
                 The Company is also under audit in multiple foreign tax jurisdictions for matters primarily related to transfer pricing, and the Company is under
            audit in multiple state tax jurisdictions. While the Company cannot estimate the impact to the effective tax rate, it is reasonably possible that the
            total amount of unrecognized tax benefits could decrease up to $70 million within the next 12 months. This would be due to the possible
            settlement of the IRS transfer pricing matters, completion of the aforementioned foreign and state tax audits and the expiration of the statute of
            limitations in multiple tax jurisdictions. In 2022, the Company settled an income tax audit with France, which resulted in $537 million of
            nondeductible non-operating expense and conclusion of income tax matters related to transfer pricing for the years 2009-2020.
                 During 2022, the Company finalized and settled certain tax examinations and remeasured other income tax reserves based on audit
            progression. It is reasonably possible that, as a result of audit progression in both the U.S. and foreign tax audits within the next 12 months, there
            may be new information that causes the Company to reassess the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits recorded. While the Company cannot
            estimate the impact that new information may have on the unrecognized tax benefit balance, it believes that the liabilities recorded are appropriate
            and adequate.
                The Company operates within multiple tax jurisdictions and is subject to audit in these jurisdictions. With few exceptions, the Company is no
            longer subject to U.S. federal, state and local, or non-U.S. income tax examinations for years before 2009.
                  The Company had $24.7 million and $183.6 million accrued for interest and penalties related to tax matters at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
            respectively. The Company recognized interest and penalties related to tax matters of $90.5 million in 2022, $24.4 million in 2021, and $32.4
            million in 2020, which are included in the provision for income taxes.



                                                                                                                                            McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 53




70 sur 84                                                                                                                                                                         4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231   https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




71 sur 84                                                      4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




                 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has accumulated undistributed earnings generated by its foreign subsidiaries, which were
            predominantly taxed in the U.S. as a result of the transition tax provisions enacted under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. Management does
            not assert that these previously-taxed unremitted earnings are indefinitely reinvested in operations outside the U.S. Accordingly, the Company has
            provided deferred taxes for the tax effects incremental to the transition tax. The Company has not provided for deferred taxes on outside basis
            differences in its investments in its foreign subsidiaries that are unrelated to these accumulated undistributed earnings, as these outside basis
            differences are indefinitely reinvested. A determination of the unrecognized deferred taxes related to these other components of the outside basis
            differences is not practicable.


            Employee Benefit Plans

            The Company's 401(k) Plan is maintained for U.S.-based employees and includes a 401(k) feature, as well as an employer match. The 401(k)
            feature allows eligible participants to make pre-tax contributions that are matched each pay period (with an annual true-up) through cash
            contributions.
                All current account balances, future contributions and related earnings can be invested in nine investment alternatives (including a target date
            fund series), as well as McDonald’s stock in accordance with each participant’s investment elections. Future participant contributions are limited to
            20% investment in McDonald’s stock and participants may not transfer their existing account balance into McDonald’s stock if the transfer would
            cause the value of their interest in the fund to exceed 20% of their total 401(k) Plan account balance. Participants may choose to make separate
            investment choices for current account balances and future contributions.
                  The Company also maintains certain unfunded nonqualified supplemental benefit plans that allow participants to (i) make tax-deferred
            contributions and (ii) receive an annual Company-match allocation that cannot be made under the 401(k) Plan because of IRS limitations. The
            investment alternatives and returns are based on certain market-rate investment alternatives under the 401(k) Plan, net of expenses. Total
            liabilities were $380.0 million and $456.8 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and were primarily included in Other long-term
            liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
                 The Company has entered into derivative contracts to hedge market-driven changes in certain of the liabilities. At December 31, 2022,
            derivatives with a fair value of $200.5 million indexed to the Company's stock and a total return swap with a notional amount of $164.4 million
            indexed to certain market indices were included at their fair value in Prepaid expenses and other current assets on the Consolidated Balance
            Sheet. Changes in liabilities for these nonqualified plans and in the fair value of the derivatives are recorded primarily in Selling, general &
            administrative expenses. Changes in fair value of the derivatives indexed to the Company’s stock are recorded in the income statement because
            the contracts provide the counterparty with a choice to settle in cash or shares.
                Total U.S. costs for the 401(k) Plan and nonqualified benefits and related hedging activities, were (in millions): 2022–$54.2; 2021–$39.5;
            2020–$37.0. Certain subsidiaries outside the U.S. also offer profit sharing, stock purchase or other similar benefit plans. Total plan costs outside
            the U.S. were (in millions): 2022–$44.4; 2021–$41.8; 2020–$36.6.
                The total combined liabilities for international retirement plans were $36.6 million and $41.7 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
            respectively. Other post-retirement benefits and post-employment benefits were immaterial to the Consolidated Income Statement.



                                                                                                                       McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 54




72 sur 84                                                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                                                  https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            Debt Financing

            LINE OF CREDIT AGREEMENTS
            At December 31, 2022, the Company had a line of credit agreement of $3.5 billion, which expires in December 2024. The Company incurs fees of
            0.08% per annum on the total commitment, which remained unused. Fees and interest rates on this line are primarily based on the Company's
            long-term credit rating assigned by Moody’s and Standard & Poor's. In addition, the Company's subsidiaries had unused lines of credit that were
            primarily uncommitted, short-term and denominated in various currencies at local market rates of interest.
                     The weighted-average interest rate of short-term borrowings was 5.2% at December 31, 2022 (based on $264.5 million of foreign
            currency bank line borrowings) and 2.4% at December 31, 2021 (based on $263.1 million of foreign currency bank line borrowings).
            DEBT OBLIGATIONS
            The Company has incurred debt obligations principally through public and private offerings and bank loans. There are no provisions in the
            Company’s debt obligations that would accelerate repayment of debt as a result of a change in credit ratings or a material adverse change in the
            Company’s business. Certain of the Company’s debt obligations contain cross-acceleration provisions, and restrictions on Company and
            subsidiary mortgages and the long-term debt of certain subsidiaries. Under certain agreements, the Company has the option to retire debt prior to
            maturity, either at par or at a premium over par. The Company has no current plans to retire a significant amount of its debt prior to maturity, but
            continues to look for ways to optimize its debt portfolio.
                 The following table summarizes the Company’s debt obligations (interest rates and debt amounts reflected in the table include the effects of
            interest rate swaps used to hedge debt).

                                                                                                                                   Interest rates(1)                           Amounts outstanding
                                                                                                                                     December 31                                     December 31
            In millions of U.S. Dollars                                                          Maturity dates             2022              2021                     2022                   2021
            Fixed                                                                                                          4.0 %             3.9 %               $ 22,382.0             $ 21,833.7
            Floating                                                                                                       6.6               1.6                      750.0                1,150.0
                 Total U.S. Dollar                                                                 2023-2052                                                       23,132.0               22,983.7
            Fixed                                                                                                          1.6               1.4                    8,704.1                8,682.3
            Floating                                                                                                       5.1               2.1                      321.2                  341.1
                 Total Euro                                                                        2023-2034                                                        9,025.3                9,023.4
            Fixed                                                                                                          3.4               3.4                      748.7                  797.9
            Floating                                                                                                       4.3               1.2                      204.4                  217.9
                 Total Australian Dollar                                                           2024-2029                                                          953.1                1,015.8
                 Total British Pounds Sterling - Fixed                                             2032-2054               4.1               4.2                    1,504.1                1,145.0
                 Total Canadian Dollar - Fixed                                                          2025               3.1               3.1                      737.3                  790.6
                 Total Japanese Yen - Fixed                                                             2030               2.9               2.9                       95.3                  108.6
            Fixed                                                                                                          0.2               0.2                      432.6                  438.2
            Floating                                                                                                       5.2               2.4                      262.7                  257.1
                  Total other currencies(2)                                                        2023-2024                                                          695.3                  695.3
            Debt obligations before fair value adjustments and deferred
            debt costs(3)                                                                                                                                          36,142.4               35,762.4
            Fair value adjustments(4)                                                                                                                                 (91.5)                   4.8
            Deferred debt costs                                                                                                                                      (147.4)                (144.5)
            Total debt obligations                                                                                                                               $ 35,903.5             $ 35,622.7

            (1)   Weighted-average effective rate, computed on a semi-annual basis.
            (2)   Consists of Swiss Francs and Korean Won.
            (3)   Aggregate maturities for 2022 debt balances, before fair value adjustments and deferred debt costs, are as follows (in millions): 2023-$0.0; 2024–$5,472.9; 2025–$3,060.5;
                  2026–$2,418.7; 2027–$2,487.2; Thereafter–$22,703.1. These amounts include a reclassification of short-term obligations totaling $2.7 billion to long-term obligations as they
                  are supported by a long-term line of credit agreement expiring in December 2024.
            (4)   The carrying value of underlying items in fair value hedges, in this case debt obligations, are adjusted for fair value changes to the extent they are attributable to the risk
                  designated as being hedged. The related hedging instruments are also recorded at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.




                                                                                                                                                   McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 55




73 sur 84                                                                                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            Share-based Compensation
            The Company maintains a share-based compensation plan, which authorizes the granting of various equity-based incentives including stock
            options and RSUs to employees and nonemployee directors. The number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the plan was
            34.4 million at December 31, 2022, including 21.8 million available for future grants.
                Share-based compensation expense and the effect on diluted earnings per common share were as follows:

            In millions, except per share data                                                                                     2022           2021           2020
            Share-based compensation expense                                                                                $     166.7 $        139.2 $         92.4
            After tax                                                                                                       $     145.9 $        120.4 $         78.3
            Earnings per common share-diluted                                                                               $      0.20 $         0.16 $         0.10

                 As of December 31, 2022, there was $161.1 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested share-based compensation
            that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.0 years.
            STOCK OPTIONS
            Stock options to purchase common stock are granted with an exercise price equal to the closing market price of the Company’s stock on the date
            of grant. Substantially all of the options become exercisable in four equal installments, beginning a year from the date of the grant, and generally
            expire 10 years from the grant date.
                 The following table presents the weighted-average assumptions used in the option pricing model for the 2022, 2021 and 2020 stock option
            grants. The expected life of the options represents the period of time the options are expected to be outstanding and is based on historical trends.
            Expected stock price volatility is generally based on the historical volatility of the Company’s stock for a period approximating the expected life.
            The expected dividend yield is based on the Company’s most recent annual dividend rate. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury
            yield curve in effect at the time of grant with a term equal to the expected life.

            Weighted-average assumptions

                                                                                                                                   2022          2021            2020
            Expected dividend yield                                                                                               2.2 %         2.4 %           2.3 %
            Expected stock price volatility                                                                                      21.3 %        21.8 %          19.1 %
            Risk-free interest rate                                                                                               1.9 %         0.7 %           1.4 %
            Expected life of options (in years)                                                                                   5.7           5.7             5.7
            Fair value per option granted                                                                            $          42.12 $       30.91 $         29.40



                  Intrinsic value for stock options is defined as the difference between the current market value of the Company’s stock and the exercise price.
            During 2022, 2021 and 2020, the total intrinsic value of stock options exercised was $242.2 million, $302.0 million and $290.4 million, respectively.
            Cash received from stock options exercised during 2022 was $248.2 million and the tax benefit realized from stock options exercised totaled $48.3
            million. The Company uses treasury shares purchased under the Company’s share repurchase program to satisfy share-based exercises.
                A summary of the status of the Company’s stock option grants as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and changes during the years then
            ended, is presented in the following table:

                                                                                                       2022                         2021                          2020
                                                                                   Weighted-
                                                                   Weighted-          average     Aggregate                     Weighted-                    Weighted-
                                                                    average         remaining       intrinsic                    average                      average
                                                      Shares in     exercise      contractual       value in    Shares in        exercise     Shares in       exercise
            Options                                    millions        price     life in years      millions     millions           price      millions          price
            Outstanding at beginning of year             12.0      $ 156.13                                        13.4         $ 139.44         14.6      $ 124.21
            Granted                                       1.6        252.97                                         2.1           215.73          1.8        214.18
            Exercised                                    (1.9)       128.08                                        (2.4)          115.29         (2.8)       104.58
            Forfeited/expired                            (0.3)       225.93                                        (1.1)          160.50         (0.2)       184.69
            Outstanding at end of year                   11.4      $ 172.27              5.6     $ 1,041.6         12.0         $ 156.13         13.4      $ 139.44
            Exercisable at end of year                    7.7      $ 145.87              4.4     $ 904.2            7.8                           8.8




                                                                                                                            McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 56




74 sur 84                                                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            RSUs
            RSUs generally vest 100% on the third anniversary of the grant and are payable in either shares of the Company’s common stock or cash, at the
            Company’s discretion. The fair value of each RSU granted is equal to the market price of the Company’s stock at date of grant. Separately,
            Company officers have been awarded RSUs that vest based on Company performance. For performance-based RSUs, the Company includes a
            relative TSR modifier to determine the number of shares earned at the end of the performance period. The fair value of performance-based RSUs
            that include the TSR modifier is determined using a Monte Carlo valuation model.
                A summary of the Company’s RSU activity during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is presented in the following table:

                                                                                                    2022                         2021                          2020
                                                                                              Weighted-                    Weighted-                     Weighted-
                                                                                                average                      average                       average
                                                                               Shares in      grant date    Shares in      grant date     Shares in      grant date
            RSUs                                                                millions       fair value    millions       fair value     millions       fair value
            Nonvested at beginning of year                                          1.3      $ 197.10           1.3       $ 176.81             1.4      $ 150.95
            Granted                                                                 0.5        242.82           0.6         206.92             0.6        201.92
            Vested                                                                 (0.4)       173.31          (0.4)        153.55            (0.6)       127.99
            Forfeited                                                              (0.2)       205.61          (0.2)        168.38            (0.1)       172.45
            Nonvested at end of year                                                1.2      $ 222.32           1.3       $ 197.10             1.3      $ 176.81

                The total fair value of RSUs vested during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was $110.3 million, $80.0 million and $119.4 million, respectively. The tax
            benefit realized from RSUs vested during 2022 was $18.5 million.


            SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
            On January 6, 2023, the Company announced an evolution of its successful Accelerating the Arches strategy. Enhancements include the
            additions of Restaurant Development to the Company's growth pillars and an internal effort to modernize ways of working, Accelerating the
            Organization, both of which are aimed at elevating the Company’s performance. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this will have on
            its business.




                                                                                                                        McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 57




75 sur 84                                                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                                https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            Management’s Assessment of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

            The financial statements were prepared by management, which is responsible for their integrity and objectivity and for establishing and
            maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting.

            The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
            and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company’s
            internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:

                I.    pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
                      assets of the Company;

                II.   provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
                      with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance
                      with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and

                III. provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company’s
                     assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

            There are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any internal control, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or
            overriding of controls. Accordingly, even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurances with respect to financial statement
            preparation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal controls may vary over time.

            Management assessed the design and effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In
            making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
            (“COSO”) in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013 Framework).

            Based on management’s assessment using those criteria, as of December 31, 2022, management believes that the Company’s internal control
            over financial reporting is effective.

            Ernst & Young, LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the financial statements of the Company for the fiscal years ended
            December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Their reports are
            presented on the following pages. The independent registered public accountants and internal auditors advise management of the results of their
            audits, and make recommendations to improve the system of internal controls. Management evaluates the audit recommendations and takes
            appropriate action.

            McDONALD’S CORPORATION
            February 24, 2023



                                                                                                                         McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 58




76 sur 84                                                                                                                                                4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
            The Board of Directors and Shareholders of McDonald’s Corporation


            Opinion on the Financial Statements

            We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of McDonald’s Corporation (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
            the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the
            period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the
            consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
            and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S.
            generally accepted accounting principles.

            We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the
            Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated
            Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February
            24, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

            Basis for Opinion

            These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s
            financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with
            respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
            Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

            We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
            reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included
            performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
            procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in
            the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as
            well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

            Critical Audit Matter

            The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated
            or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements
            and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any
            way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below,
            providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosure to which it relates.




                                                                                                                      McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 59




77 sur 84                                                                                                                                             4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




                                 Valuation of Unrecognized Tax Benefits and Related Regulatory Actions
            Description of the   As described in the Income Taxes footnote to the consolidated financial statements, the Company’s unrecognized tax
            Matter               benefits, which includes transfer pricing matters, totaled $647.0 million at December 31, 2022. The Company, like other multi-
                                 national companies, is regularly audited by federal, state and foreign tax authorities, and tax assessments may arise several
                                 years after tax returns have been filed. Accordingly, tax liabilities are recorded when, in management’s judgment, a tax
                                 position does not meet the more likely than not threshold for recognition. For tax positions that meet the more likely than not
                                 threshold, a tax liability may still be recorded depending on management’s assessment of how the tax position will ultimately
                                 be settled. The Company may also be subject to regulatory actions related to these tax matters. The Company accrues
                                 liabilities for regulatory actions when a loss is probable and the amount or range of loss is reasonably estimable.

                                 Auditing the measurement of unrecognized tax benefits and liabilities arising from regulatory actions related to transfer pricing
                                 used in intercompany transactions was challenging because the measurement is based on judgmental interpretations of
                                 complex tax laws and legal rulings and because the pricing of the intercompany transactions is based on studies that may
                                 produce a range of outcomes (e.g., the price that would be charged in an arm’s-length transaction).

            How We              We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company’s
            Addressed the       process to assess the technical merits and measurement of these unrecognized tax benefits and related regulatory liabilities.
            Matter in Our Audit
                                For example, we tested management’s review of the unrecognized tax benefit calculations, which included evaluation of the
                                comparable transactions used to determine the ranges of outcomes, pricing conclusions reached in management’s transfer
                                pricing studies, the assessment of other third-party information, and settlement agreements with relevant tax and regulatory
                                authorities.

                                 With the assistance of our income tax professionals, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, evaluating
                                 the technical merits of the Company’s position and assessing the recognition and measurement of unrecognized tax benefits
                                 and liabilities resulting from regulatory actions related to transfer pricing. For example, we assessed the inputs utilized and
                                 the pricing conclusions reached in the transfer pricing studies executed by management, and compared the methods used to
                                 alternative methods and industry benchmarks. We reviewed advice obtained by the Company from third-party advisors. In
                                 addition, we used our knowledge of historical settlement activity, income tax laws, and other market information to evaluate
                                 the technical merits of the Company’s positions. For positions settled or effectively settled in the current year, we reviewed the
                                 Company's communications and agreements with the relevant tax and regulatory authorities. Where applicable, we requested
                                 and received an external legal counsel confirmation letter to independently verify our understanding of settlement
                                 agreements.




            /s/ Ernst & Young LLP

            We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1964.

            Chicago, Illinois
            February 24, 2023



                                                                                                                        McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 60




78 sur 84                                                                                                                                               4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

            The Board of Directors and Shareholders of McDonald’s Corporation


            Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

            We have audited McDonald’s Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in
            Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework)
            (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, McDonald’s Corporation (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over
            financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria.

            We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the
            consolidated balance sheets of McDonald’s Corporation as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income,
            comprehensive income, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related
            notes and our report dated February 24, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

            Basis for Opinion

            The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the
            effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Assessment of Internal Control Over
            Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We
            are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the
            U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

            We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
            reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

            Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists,
            testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other
            procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

            Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

            A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
            reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A
            company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in
            reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance
            that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
            principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and
            directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or
            disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

            Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
            evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
            the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

            /s/ Ernst & Young LLP

            Chicago, Illinois
            February 24, 2023



                                                                                                                       McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 61




79 sur 84                                                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                                          https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            Controls and Procedures
            DISCLOSURE CONTROLS
            An evaluation was conducted under the supervision and with the participation of the Company’s management, including the Chief Executive
            Officer (“CEO”) and Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company’s disclosure controls and
            procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange
            Act")) as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures
            were effective as of such date to provide reasonable assurances that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports filed or
            submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange
            Commission rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate
            to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

            INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
            The Company is in the process of implementing a comprehensive, multi-year finance and technology transformation initiative to migrate its general
            ledger, financial close and consolidation processes onto new financial systems. The Company is performing the implementation in the ordinary
            course of business to increase efficiency and to modernize the tools and technology used in its key financial processes. This is not in response to
            any identified deficiency or weakness in the Company's internal control over financial reporting. As the phased implementation of the systems
            continues, the Company has modified certain processes and procedures to enhance the quality of internal control over financial reporting. The
            Company will continue to monitor and modify, as needed, the design and operating effectiveness of key control activities to align with the updated
            business processes and capabilities of the new financial systems.
                  Except for these changes, the Company’s management, including the CEO and CFO, confirm there has been no change in the Company's
            internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
            materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting.
            MANAGEMENT’S REPORT

            Management’s Report and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting are set
            forth in the consolidated financial statements.

            Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
            The following table summarizes information about the Company’s equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. All outstanding awards
            relate to the Company’s common stock. Shares issued under all of the following plans may be from the Company’s treasury, newly issued or both.

            Equity compensation plan information

                                                                                                                                                                  Number of securities
                                                                                              Number of securities                                              remaining available for
                                                                                                to be issued upon                Weighted-average                future issuance under
                                                                                                        exercise of                 exercise price of       equity compensation plans
                                                                                              outstanding options,              outstanding options,               (excluding securities
                                                                                               warrants and rights               warrants and rights           reflected in column (a))
            Plan category                                                                                       (a)                               (b)                                   (c)
                  Equity compensation plans approved by security holders                              12,635,775 (1)                   $    177.12                       21,782,732
                  Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders                                  —                                 —                                —
                      Total                                                                           12,635,775                       $    177.12                       21,782,732
            (1)   Includes 1,432 stock options granted under the McDonald’s Corporation 2001 Omnibus Stock Ownership Plan and 11,412,128 stock options and 1,222,215 restricted stock
                  units granted under the McDonald's Corporation Amended and Restated 2012 Omnibus Stock Ownership Plan.



                Additional matters are incorporated herein by reference from the Company’s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed no later than
            120 days after December 31, 2022.



                                                                                                                                       McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 62




80 sur 84                                                                                                                                                                  4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                               https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
            a. (1) All financial statements
                   Consolidated financial statements are filed as part of this Form 10-K and begin on page 35 of this Form 10-K.
                   (2) Financial statement schedules
                       No schedules are required because either the required information is not present or is not present in amounts sufficient to require
                       submission of the schedule, or because the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying
                       notes filed as part of this Form 10-K.

            b.        Exhibits
                      The exhibits below are filed as part of this Form 10-K.




            McDonald’s Corporation Exhibit Index
            Exhibit Number                                                                   Description
             (3)           Articles of incorporation; bylaws
                              (a)   Restated Certificate of Incorporation, effective as of May 23, 2019, incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 3(a) of
                                    Form 10-Q (File No. 001-05231), for the quarter ended June 30, 2019.



                              (b)   By-Laws, as amended and restated with effect as of January 18, 2023, incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 3.2 of
                                    Form 8-K (File No. 001-05231), filed January 19, 2023.
             (4)              Instruments defining the rights of security holders, including indentures*
                              (a)   Senior Debt Securities Indenture, dated as of October 19, 1996, incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit (4)(a) of
                                    Form S-3 Registration Statement (File No. 333-14141), filed October 15, 1996.
                              (b)   Subordinated Debt Securities Indenture, dated as of October 18, 1996, incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit
                                    (4)(b) of Form S-3 Registration Statement (File No. 333-14141), filed October 15, 1996.
                                    Description of Securities, incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4(c) of Form 10-K (File No. 001-05231), for the
                              (c)   year ended December 31, 2019.
             (10)             Material contracts
                              (a)   McDonald’s Corporation Directors’ Deferred Compensation Plan, amended and restated effective as of December 31,
                                    2021, incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10(a) of Form 10-K (File No. 001-05231), for the year ended
                                    December 31, 2021.**
                              (b)   McDonald's Corporation Board of Directors Deferred Compensation Plan, effective as of January 1, 2022, incorporated
                                    herein by reference from Exhibit 10(b) of Form 10-K (File No. 001-05231), for the year ended December 31, 2021.**
                              (c)   McDonald’s Deferred Compensation Plan, effective as of January 1, 2017, incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit
                                    10(b) of Form 10-K (File No. 001-05231), for the year ended December 31, 2016.**
                                    (i)     First Amendment to the McDonald's Deferred Compensation Plan, effective as of May 1, 2018, incorporated herein
                                            by reference from Exhibit 10(b)(i) of Form 10-Q (File No. 001-05231), for the quarter ended September 30, 2018.**
                              (d)   McDonald's Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan, effective as of May 26, 2020, incorporated herein by
                                    reference from Exhibit 10(c) of Form 10-Q (File No. 001-05231), for the quarter ended June 30, 2020.**
                                    (i)     First Amendment to the McDonald's Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan, effective as of
                                            December 1, 2021, incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10(d)(i) of Form 10-K (File No. 001-05231), for
                                            the year ended December 31, 2021.**

                              (e)   McDonald’s Corporation Supplemental Profit Sharing and Savings Plan, effective as of September 1, 2001, incorporated
                                    herein by reference from Exhibit 10(c) of Form 10-K (File No. 001-05231), for the year ended December 31, 2001.**
                                    (i)     First Amendment to the McDonald’s Corporation Supplemental Profit Sharing and Savings Plan, effective as of
                                            January 1, 2002, incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10(c)(i) of Form 10-K (File No. 001-05231), for the
                                            year ended December 31, 2002.**
                                    (ii)    Second Amendment to the McDonald’s Corporation Supplemental Profit Sharing and Savings Plan, as amended,
                                            effective as of January 1, 2005, incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10(c)(ii) of Form 10-K (File No.
                                            001-05231), for the year ended December 31, 2004.**
                              (f)   McDonald's Corporation 2012 Omnibus Stock Ownership Plan, effective as of June 1, 2012, incorporated herein by
                                    reference from Exhibit 10(h) of Form 10-Q (File No. 001-05231), for the quarter ended September 30, 2012.**
                              (g)   McDonald's Corporation Amended and Restated 2012 Omnibus Stock Ownership Plan, effective as of May 21, 2020,
                                    incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10(g) of Form 10-Q (File No. 001-05231), for the quarter ended June 30,
                                    2020.**




                                                                                                                       McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 63




81 sur 84                                                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                                 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




                                (h)   Form of 2014 Executive Stock Option Award Agreement in connection with the 2012 Omnibus Stock Ownership Plan,
                                      incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10(z) of Form 10-Q (File No. 001-05231), for the quarter ended March 31,
                                      2014.**
                                (i)   Form of Executive Confidentiality, Intellectual Property and Restrictive Covenant Agreement, incorporated herein by
                                      reference from Exhibit 10(o) of Form 10-Q (File No. 001-05231), for the quarter ended March 31, 2017.**
                                (j)   Form of 2018 Executive Stock Option Award Agreement in connection with the 2012 Omnibus Stock Ownership Plan,
                                      incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10(q) of Form 10-Q (File No. 001-05231), for the quarter ended March 31,
                                      2018. **
                                (k)   McDonald's Corporation Target Incentive Plan, effective as of January 1, 2013, amended and restated effective as of
                                      February 13, 2019, incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10(p) of Form 10-Q (File No. 001-05231), for the quarter
                                      ended March 31, 2019.**
                                (l)   McDonald's Corporation Officer Severance Plan, amended and restated effective as of November 1, 2022, filed herewith.**
                                (m) Form of 2019 Executive Stock Option Award Agreement in connection with the 2012 Omnibus Stock Ownership Plan,
                                    incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10(r) of Form 10-Q (File No. 001-05231), for the quarter ended March 31,
                                    2019.**
                                (n)   Separation Agreement and General Release between Stephen Easterbrook and the Company, dated October 31, 2019,
                                      incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K (File No. 001-05231), filed November 4, 2019.**
                                (o)   Separation Agreement and General Release between Silvia Lagnado and the Company, dated August 14, 2019,
                                      incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10(t) of Form 10-Q (File No. 001-05231), for the quarter ended June 30,
                                      2020.**
                                (p)   Separation Agreement and General Release between Silvia Lagnado and the Company, dated October 31, 2019,
                                      incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10(u) of Form 10-Q (File No. 001-05231), for the quarter ended June 30,
                                      2020.**
                                (q)   Separation Agreement and General Release between Jerome N. Krulewitch and the Company, dated October 13, 2020,
                                      incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10(v) of Form 10-K (File No. 001-05231), for the year ended December 31,
                                      2020.**
                                (r)   Form of Executive Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement in connection with the Amended and Restated
                                      2012 Omnibus Stock Ownership Plan, incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 10(v) of Form 10-Q (File No.
                                      001-05231), for the quarter ended June 30, 2021.**



                 (21)           Subsidiaries of the Registrant.
                 (23)           Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.
                 (24)           Power of Attorney.
                 (31.1)         Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer.
                 (31.2)         Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer.
                 (32.1)         Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 by the Chief Executive Officer, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
                                Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
                 (32.2)         Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 by the Chief Financial Officer, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
                                Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
                 (99.1)         Computation of Ratios.
                 (101.INS)      XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are
                                embedded within the Inline XBRL document.
                 (101.SCH)      Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.
                 (101.CAL)      Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.
                 (101.DEF)      Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.
                 (101.LAB)      Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.
                 (101.PRE)      Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.
                 (104)          Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.

            *      Other instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of the registrant, and all of its subsidiaries for which consolidated financial
                   statements are required to be filed and which are not required to be registered with the Commission, are not included herein as the securities
                   authorized thereunder, individually, do not exceed 10% of the total assets of the registrant and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. An
                   agreement to furnish a copy of any such instruments to the Commission upon request has been filed with the Commission.

            **     Denotes compensatory plan.




                                                                                                                          McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 64




82 sur 84                                                                                                                                                 4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                              https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            Form 10-K Cross-Reference Index
                                                                                                                                           Page reference
            Part I
                       Item 1            Business                                                                                          Pages 3-7, 9-10
                       Item 1A           Risk Factors                                                                                       Pages 27-32
                       Item 1B           Unresolved Staff Comments                                                                          Not applicable
                       Item 2            Properties                                                                                           Page 33
                       Item 3            Legal Proceedings                                                                                    Page 33
                       Item 4            Mine Safety Disclosures                                                                            Not applicable
            Part II
                       Item 5            Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer
                                         Purchases of Equity Securities                                                                       Page 26
                       Item 6            [Reserved]                                                                                        Not applicable
                       Item 7            Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations              Pages 8-35
                       Item 7A           Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk                                        Pages 22-23
                       Item 8            Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                                                       Pages 35-57
                       Item 9            Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure              Not applicable
                       Item 9A           Controls and Procedures                                                                             Page 62
                       Item 9B           Other Information                                                                                 Not applicable
                       Item 9C           Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections                               Not applicable
            Part III
                       Item 10           Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance                                             Page 34, (a)
                       Item 11           Executive Compensation                                                                                 (a)
                       Item 12           Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
                                                                                                                                            Page 62, (a)
                                         Stockholder Matters
                       Item 13           Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence                               (a)
                       Item 14           Principal Accountant Fees and Services                                                                  (a)
            Part IV
                       Item 15           Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules                                                        Pages 63-64
                       Item 16           Form 10-K Summary                                                                                 Not applicable
            Signatures                                                                                                                        Page 66

            (a) - The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from the Company's definitive proxy statement, which will be filed no
            later than 120 days after December 31, 2022.




                                                                                                                      McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 65




83 sur 84                                                                                                                                              4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
mcd-20221231                                                                                    https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/63908/000006390823000012...




            Signatures
            Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
            be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

            McDonald’s Corporation
            (Registrant)
            By                                           /s/ Ian F. Borden
                                                           Ian F. Borden
                                   Corporate Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
                                                         February 24, 2023




            Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on
            behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated below on the 24th day of February, 2023:
                 By                         /s/ Ian F. Borden                                       By                /s/ Christopher J. Kempczinski
                                              Ian F. Borden                                                             Christopher J. Kempczinski
                      Corporate Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer                           President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
                                       (Principal Financial Officer)                                                    (Principal Executive Officer)

                 By                      /s/ Anthony G. Capuano                                     By                      /s/ Richard H. Lenny
                                           Anthony G. Capuano                                                                 Richard H. Lenny
                                                 Director                                                                          Director

                 By                         /s/ Kareem Daniel                                       By                      /s/ John J. Mulligan
                                              Kareem Daniel                                                                   John J. Mulligan
                                                 Director                                                                         Director

                 By                         /s/ Lloyd H. Dean                                       By                     /s/ John W. Rogers, Jr.
                                              Lloyd H. Dean                                                                  John W. Rogers, Jr.
                                                  Director                                                                         Director

                 By                        /s/ Robert A. Eckert                                     By                     /s/ Jennifer L. Taubert
                                             Robert A. Eckert                                                                Jennifer L. Taubert
                                                 Director                                                                         Director

                 By                     /s/ Catherine M. Engelbert                                  By                       /s/ Paul S. Walsh
                                          Catherine M. Engelbert                                                               Paul S. Walsh
                                                 Director                                                                         Director

                 By                    /s/ Margaret H. Georgiadis                                   By                       /s/ Amy E. Weaver
                                         Margaret H. Georgiadis                                                                Amy E. Weaver
                                                Director                                                                          Director

                 By                    /s/ Enrique Hernandez, Jr.                                   By                       /s/ Miles D. White
                                         Enrique Hernandez, Jr.                                                                Miles D. White
                                   Chairman of the Board and Director                                                             Director

                 By                      /s/ Catherine Hoovel
                                           Catherine Hoovel
                         Corporate Senior Vice President - Corporate Controller
                                    (Principal Accounting Officer)




                                                                                                                          McDonald's Corporation 2022 Annual Report 66




84 sur 84                                                                                                                                                   4/29/2023, 4:30 PM
